
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10274922596125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              103948076                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                193877215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              260585852                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6090164025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11358980993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12667264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12667264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         829696632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             829696632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1190515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1190515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1190515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        829696632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830887147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197926                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        284                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197926                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      284                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12664768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12667264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197926                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  284                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.303771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.888151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.789533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40973     42.09%     42.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44843     46.07%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9956     10.23%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1403      1.44%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11253.055556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11018.975476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2286.884021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     11.11%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.56%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.11%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.56%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     11.11%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            2     11.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4814840500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8525221750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  989435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24331.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43081.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       829.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    829.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100580                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     258                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77026.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347753700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184850655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708266580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 955260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1641988170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24474720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5168275500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       103291200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9385164825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.721509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11603708500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9438500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509677875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    268993250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144519250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11334715250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347225340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184562235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704639460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 548100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638195390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24677760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5182246770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94452000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9381856095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.504790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11611087500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9975750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    245963000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136420875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11365124500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1393679                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1393679                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1032330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5267                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1032330                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            607184                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          425146                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        14055                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     646811                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      34621                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139149                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          669                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1196440                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3680                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1219028                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3981899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1393679                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            640707                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29173282                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 108992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36818                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1192760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5050                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.262263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.288762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28913493     94.84%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11401      0.04%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  608493      2.00%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18238      0.06%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112870      0.37%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   49785      0.16%     97.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75085      0.25%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17533      0.06%     97.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  679850      2.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486748                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.045642                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.130406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  576547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28852110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   719080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               284515                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54496                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6510618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54496                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  654719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27550286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12431                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   849941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1364875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6257684                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                80589                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                989319                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                346467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7471182                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17544389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8114083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24973                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2691477                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4779704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               164                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           192                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1860910                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1161325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              50235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3405                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5985973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2982                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4247324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3400                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3741051                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8020328                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.139317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.670087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28684199     94.09%     94.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             737767      2.42%     96.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             389373      1.28%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             260574      0.85%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             261375      0.86%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              63963      0.21%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              57245      0.19%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              17712      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14540      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6930     65.68%     65.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  760      7.20%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2594     24.59%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  161      1.53%     99.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               43      0.41%     99.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              63      0.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11843      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3511160     82.67%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 740      0.02%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6301      0.15%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9559      0.23%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              669256     15.76%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              36754      0.87%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1439      0.03%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           272      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4247324                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.139098                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10551                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002484                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38971690                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9708856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4095043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23657                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             21152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10500                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4233872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12160                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3100                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       726382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        32027                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1251                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54496                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25841047                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               272021                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5988955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3245                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1161325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               50235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1090                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                73680                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31873                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               59237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4187007                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               646658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            60317                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      681273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  506655                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34615                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.137123                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4116414                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4105543                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3006915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4733424                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.134455                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3741744                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54496                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29964207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.494920                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28961584     96.65%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       471051      1.57%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108618      0.36%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       304763      1.02%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52875      0.18%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26175      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3545      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3085      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32511      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29964207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1124738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2247904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        453151                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       434943                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    412802                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7294                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2240541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2201      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1780848     79.22%     79.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            128      0.01%     79.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5348      0.24%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6228      0.28%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         433877     19.30%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18208      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1066      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2247904                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35921344                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12502765                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          47940                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1124738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2247904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.148267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.148267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4087817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3567292                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18707                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9262                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2687961                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1117478                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2239965                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             247344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.067007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2866987                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2866987                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       231260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         231260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       248712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          248712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       248712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         248712                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34610042500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34610042500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26826500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26826500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34636869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34636869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34636869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34636869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       640586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18208                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       658794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       658794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       658794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       658794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.638987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.638987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.622474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.622474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.622474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84553.735898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84553.735898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35484.788360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35484.788360                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84463.275638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84463.275638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84463.275638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84463.275638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19972                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.760915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1941                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       178265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       178271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       178271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       178271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19445740500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19445740500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25593500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25593500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19471334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19471334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19471334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19471334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.360703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84158.471140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84158.471140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34124.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34124.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83996.592051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83996.592051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83996.592051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83996.592051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4771040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4771040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1192760                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1192760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1192760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1192760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1192760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1192760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1192760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197927                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      257570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.301338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.993497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.006503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3904807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3904807                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   576                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         33309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             33309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33885                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 174                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18143000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18722624500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18722624500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18740767500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18740767500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18740767500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18740767500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231061                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231061                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.232000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.855843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.853825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.853825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.853825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.853825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104270.114943                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104270.114943                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94677.295299                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94677.295299                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94685.728505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94685.728505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94685.728505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94685.728505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       284                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16403000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16403000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16745104500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16745104500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16761507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16761507500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16761507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16761507500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.232000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.855843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.853825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.853825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94270.114943                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94270.114943                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84677.295299                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84677.295299                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84685.728505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84685.728505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84685.728505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84685.728505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395844                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197926                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197634                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       593770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       593770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12685440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12685440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12685440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197926    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1068752750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       463622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2225                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          427513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231061                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       695433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                695433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14960128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14960128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197927                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18176                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034530                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 429228     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    509      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429738                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233752000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347716500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
