
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10534467446250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               62889544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                117504296                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              154899278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    98.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6198582598                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11581578947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9961408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9986816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9916480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9916480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1664206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652465021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654129226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649522269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649522269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649522269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1664206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652465021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303651495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156045                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154945                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156045                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154945                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9986880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9916544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9986880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9916480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267377000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156045                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154945                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    727.523667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.284272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.240881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2030      7.42%      7.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2689      9.83%     17.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1929      7.05%     24.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1413      5.16%     29.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1175      4.29%     33.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1379      5.04%     38.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1584      5.79%     44.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1532      5.60%     50.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13628     49.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.127119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.601990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7              10      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             49      0.51%      0.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9378     96.92%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           100      1.03%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.221401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9634     99.57%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9676                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2888912000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5814755750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18513.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37263.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49092.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98274960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52234380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               558876360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404831880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1487920020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64448160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090061750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       311165760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1597613820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7415297730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.696639                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11836555125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44092500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6442712000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    810330500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3068848500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4583512625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97068300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51593025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555284940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403986240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1499572530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64829760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2084215830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       301940160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1597324020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402064445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.829869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11766358125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44045500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6452858625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    786330750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3097230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4570579000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1329289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1329289                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7589                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1319830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4159                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               881                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1319830                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1277633                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42197                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5219                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     490896                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1313194                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          814                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2600                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          413                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             88744                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6009577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1329289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1281792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30402939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2211                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.398205                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.672485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28662397     93.97%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55367      0.18%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   59073      0.19%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  316503      1.04%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   37401      0.12%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11768      0.04%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12217      0.04%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35103      0.12%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1311932      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501761                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.196811                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  428813                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28539759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   718367                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               806806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8016                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12070591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8016                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  711535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 290055                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14589                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1241025                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28236541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12032316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27927225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15448218                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25373398                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13881253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           447701                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15138649                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  309569                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4844810                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              502528                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1322189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30428                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           26172                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11962419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11891838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         198369                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       287933                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           721                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.389874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.291240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27318212     89.56%     89.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             506816      1.66%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             551366      1.81%     93.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362144      1.19%     94.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315243      1.03%     95.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1034574      3.39%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             166293      0.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             212646      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34467      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 102075     94.23%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  602      0.56%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1095      1.01%     95.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  232      0.21%     96.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4121      3.80%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             206      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5674      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9953051     83.70%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  97      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  339      0.00%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             123865      1.04%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              425057      3.57%     88.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1260978     10.60%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69034      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53743      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11891838                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.389453                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     108331                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009110                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53845022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11863694                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11594228                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             550927                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            298217                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       270437                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11716625                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 277870                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2514                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27763                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          269                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          718                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8016                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  72883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               175938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11963288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               502528                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1322189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               385                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               175151                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           269                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2182                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9630                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11873885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               490636                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17953                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1803782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1298695                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1313146                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.388865                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11868457                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11864665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8697023                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12033608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.388563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.722728                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         198636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7824                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.386114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27412734     89.97%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       386379      1.27%     91.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326692      1.07%     92.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1127706      3.70%     96.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69696      0.23%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       625216      2.05%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       102305      0.34%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31360      0.10%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       387978      1.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470066                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5795744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11764919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1782428                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       474765                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1290854                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    266219                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11620184                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3229      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9857372     83.79%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        121540      1.03%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         408596      3.47%     88.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1254455     10.66%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66169      0.56%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53208      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11764919                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               387978                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42045643                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23959317                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            327                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          32927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5795744                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11764919                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.268467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.268467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.189809                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.189809                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13626111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9035127                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   421389                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  215664                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6476693                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6003916                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4409703                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155703                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1513001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.717224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7334871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7334871                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       482088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         482088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1153689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1153689                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1635777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1635777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1635777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1635777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154017                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13902432497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13902432497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14363605497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14363605497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14363605497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14363605497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       487086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       487086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1307706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1307706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1794792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1794792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1794792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1794792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92271.508603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92271.508603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90265.571314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90265.571314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.619923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.619923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.619923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.619923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.854545                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    179784500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179784500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13747855998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13747855998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13927640498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13927640498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13927640498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13927640498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105755.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105755.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89267.154940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89267.154940                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89447.173543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89447.173543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89447.173543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89447.173543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              15682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.993307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           256104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          256104                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     60659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65719.934995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65719.934995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65719.934995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65719.934995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65719.934995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65719.934995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           14                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          171                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49024500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49024500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49024500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     49024500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49024500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65192.154255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65192.154255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65192.154255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65192.154255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65192.154255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65192.154255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156690                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       57.040973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.756638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16292.202389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2659602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2659602                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            350                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                350                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153985                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153985                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13516567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13516567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44137500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     44137500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    176754500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    176754500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13693321500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13737459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13693321500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13737459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          747                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            747                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1700                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531459                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978235                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.978235                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.465435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87778.465435                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111177.581864                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111177.581864                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106286.530367                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106286.530367                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111177.581864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87976.212351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88035.239835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111177.581864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87976.212351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88035.239835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153985                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11976717000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11976717000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160124500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12136841500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12177009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12136841500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12177009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.978235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.978235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.465435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77778.465435                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101177.581864                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101177.581864                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96286.530367                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96286.530367                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101177.581864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77976.212351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78035.239835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101177.581864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77976.212351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78035.239835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312203                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1213                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19903360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19903360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19903360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156045    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932694500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820775750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312910                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156450                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            604                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          604                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1700                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        95616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19847808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19943424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156695                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9916800                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312415     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    735      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311621000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233557000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
