
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10717675575750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              116166175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                217242613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283089905                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6264965243                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11716126916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9983936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10004352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9892800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9892800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1337233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653940588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655277822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1337233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       647971246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            647971246                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       647971246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1337233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653940588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303249068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156319                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154575                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154575                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10004416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9893504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10004416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9892800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156319                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154575                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    730.044764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   567.455350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.194863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2094      7.68%      7.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2322      8.52%     16.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2158      7.92%     24.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1413      5.18%     29.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1211      4.44%     33.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1436      5.27%     39.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1451      5.32%     44.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1553      5.70%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13616     49.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.189830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.128904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.793741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            88      0.91%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9327     96.59%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           142      1.47%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31            11      0.11%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             7      0.07%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.182383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9625     99.68%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2875301250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5806282500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18393.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37143.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    647.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140640                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49107.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97518120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51832110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561760920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404826660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1516809900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62073600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2080109550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322778880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1576902360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7424472900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.297606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11740385125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41402750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317776000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6377140125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    840569500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4561707750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97089720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51596820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554356740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402112260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         741255840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1491161610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64006560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2063478660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       310731360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1606028400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7381876830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.507594                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11830204750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6496064500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    809199750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3079585625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4524940500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1305476                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1305476                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5851                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1298465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1298465                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1265862                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32603                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4107                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     445526                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1293094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          725                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2612                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46714                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68376                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5804643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1305476                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1269316                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  61                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          434                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1698                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.386992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.652634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28730182     94.17%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   51814      0.17%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54455      0.18%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  304643      1.00%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   32887      0.11%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8297      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8851      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   30837      0.10%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1286222      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042754                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190100                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  404280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28617584                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   688874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               791403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11748685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  687956                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 221445                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13165                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1195581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28383994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11718935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28082939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15052667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24634672                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13503256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304797                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14815334                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  237379                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               126                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4850719                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              454818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1300379                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20682                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11664954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                730                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11609382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1690                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         154404                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       226348                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           620                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.380533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.274592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27395610     89.80%     89.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             490568      1.61%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             544335      1.78%     93.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             353397      1.16%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             301941      0.99%     95.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1034945      3.39%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             154844      0.51%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             201984      0.66%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30564      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  97219     95.76%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  422      0.42%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   723      0.71%     96.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  185      0.18%     97.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2791      2.75%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4010      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9779302     84.24%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  86      0.00%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  261      0.00%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83345      0.72%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              401676      3.46%     88.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1256240     10.82%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46331      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38131      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11609382                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.380203                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     101519                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008745                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53455725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11615525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11405082                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374443                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204746                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183592                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11518016                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188875                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2004                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          588                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53261                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               136914                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11665684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              746                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               454818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1300379                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136360                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5625                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7282                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11595691                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               445350                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1738408                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1281563                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1293058                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.379755                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11591504                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11588674                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8487441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11731801                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.379525                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723456                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         154659                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.377623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27479958     90.15%     90.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       365236      1.20%     91.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322474      1.06%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1127600      3.70%     96.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63417      0.21%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       637397      2.09%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        97122      0.32%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28318      0.09%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       362089      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5640829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11511307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1721782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       433203                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1275629                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11414312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2242      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9705566     84.31%     84.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.71%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         389006      3.38%     88.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1250895     10.87%     99.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.38%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11511307                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               362089                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41787488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23356920                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            263                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5640829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11511307                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.413156                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.413156                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184735                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184735                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13303856                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8867958                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   284919                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144771                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6395090                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5891409                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4308181                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1618930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.372969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7080052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7080052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       438747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         438747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1133826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1133826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1572573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1572573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1572573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1572573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158422                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    339222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13961636500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13961636500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300858500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14300858500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14300858500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14300858500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       442389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       442389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1288606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1288606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1730995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1730995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1730995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1730995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93141.680395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93141.680395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90203.104406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90203.104406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90270.660009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90270.660009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90270.660009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90270.660009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    88.779141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154771                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13806190500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13806190500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13942044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13942044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13942044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13942044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120107                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.090164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104262.471220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104262.471220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89203.988473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89203.988473                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89329.705781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89329.705781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89329.705781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89329.705781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.424983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             110531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           185.454698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.424983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           187152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          187152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63161.422709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63161.422709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63161.422709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63161.422709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63161.422709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63161.422709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38915500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38915500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65294.463087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65294.463087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65294.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65294.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65294.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65294.463087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156843                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.583474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.875746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16286.540780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2663315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2663315                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          595                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              595                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                277                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                48                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154745                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              319                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13573737500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13573737500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35095500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35095500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133332000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133332000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35095500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13707069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13742165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35095500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13707069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13742165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          595                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          595                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            596                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1303                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.535235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.963162                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.535235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.535235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87716.808298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87716.808298                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110017.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110017.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106240.637450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106240.637450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110017.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87865.830128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87911.034487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110017.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87865.830128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87911.034487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154575                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154745                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          319                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12026297500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12026297500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31905500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31905500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    120782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31905500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147079500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31905500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12147079500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12178985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.963162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77716.872920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77716.872920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100017.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100017.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96240.637450                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96240.637450                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100017.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77865.894231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77911.098459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100017.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77865.894231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77911.098459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312495                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156195                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1601                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1574                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156319    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822002250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313338                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156668                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            766                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          766                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3210                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19916928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19993216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156843                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9892800                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002759                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312648     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    865      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            894000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234110496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
