
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10992487770000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69008722                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129284670                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              164369095                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6409840747                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12008543169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       20228480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20228864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     10022656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        10022656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          316070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              316076                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156604                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1324950812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1324975964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       656476720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            656476720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       656476720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1324950812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1981452684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      316076                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156604                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    316076                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156604                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               20222912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                10023488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20228864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             10022656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     93                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             19703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             19888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            20060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            20185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267404500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                316076                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   85160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   57389                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   32785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  10258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  10316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  10370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       183933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    164.444227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.030116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.857693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       113137     61.51%     61.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43217     23.50%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9154      4.98%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4622      2.51%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1556      0.85%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1321      0.72%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1040      0.57%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1148      0.62%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8738      4.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       183933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.307024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     24.950959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     29.071657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            509      5.20%      5.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6495     66.40%     71.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           699      7.15%     78.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            91      0.93%     79.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            70      0.72%     80.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           100      1.02%     81.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           153      1.56%     82.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           251      2.57%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           289      2.95%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           244      2.49%     91.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           258      2.64%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          203      2.08%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111          162      1.66%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119          111      1.13%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           52      0.53%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           42      0.43%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           23      0.24%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            9      0.09%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159           10      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            3      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::184-191            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.166002                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9710     99.27%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               42      0.43%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9454525250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15379206500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1579915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29920.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48670.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1324.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       656.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1324.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    656.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        15.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   230635                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   58023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      32299.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    61.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                651532140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                346270980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1123450440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404132400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1089756720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2694152880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36412800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3324031950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       124148640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        410704140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            10204598370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            668.393814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9264489625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19264750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     461154000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1651425125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    323377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5522435750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7289687500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                661813740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                351754755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1132668180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              413408340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1103278800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2737007760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             36382080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3323774310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       139039200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        381758340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10280885505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            673.390566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9169488875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     466892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1519325250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    361998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5611863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7288166625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3098840                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3098840                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            57436                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2696204                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66120                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                73                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2696204                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1720267                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          975937                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2476                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4474898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1535248                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       102167                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3818                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2229020                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2263044                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      12970602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3098840                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1786387                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28212702                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 115014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          398                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2229020                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14989                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.814161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.203887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26115184     85.53%     85.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  591908      1.94%     87.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  129834      0.43%     87.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  250752      0.82%     88.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  372684      1.22%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  729879      2.39%     92.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  233899      0.77%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  164131      0.54%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1945380      6.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.101486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.424783                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1316575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25605046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2840505                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               714018                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 57507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              23730150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 57507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1639975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22320220                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14548                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3179980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3321421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23462865                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               258195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1612579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1626416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           28324054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             60370467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        32980035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              382                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             22336413                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5987636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                87                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4236115                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3445180                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1610078                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           222775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           49051                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  23051854                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                558                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 23188271                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           161927                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4105309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5563120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           525                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.759433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.780343                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24113811     78.97%     78.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1372639      4.50%     83.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1130897      3.70%     87.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1003696      3.29%     90.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             696105      2.28%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             836256      2.74%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             527262      1.73%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             410402      1.34%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             442583      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 363232     50.02%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     50.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                294297     40.53%     90.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                68657      9.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            65297      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             17072382     73.63%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                140      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4501966     19.41%     93.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1548486      6.68%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              23188271                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.759407                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     726186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.031317                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          77797998                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         27157304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21650978                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                308                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               500                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          150                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              23849006                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    154                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          662718                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       597589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           85                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       175582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1315993                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 57507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17241558                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               976991                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           23052412                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1654                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3445180                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1610078                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                156785                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               776242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            85                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         46660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        21458                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               68118                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             23081950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4474885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           106321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6010127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2515305                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1535242                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.755925                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      21676566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     21651128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16073913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 26436830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.709067                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608012                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4107147                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             33                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            57436                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29980399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.631983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.010854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26667119     88.95%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       361765      1.21%     90.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       276796      0.92%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       453490      1.51%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       110401      0.37%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34177      0.11%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       220308      0.73%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       113818      0.38%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1742525      5.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29980399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             9889423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              18947090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4282080                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2847588                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2337076                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 18889911                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               64064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        57157      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14607853     77.10%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2847588     15.03%     92.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1434492      7.57%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         18947090                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1742525                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    51292111                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   46663348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             10                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    9889423                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     18947090                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.087611                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.087611                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.323875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.323875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                32507700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17547856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      243                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     150                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 14100298                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8418134                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11409993                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           367825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3887337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           367825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.568442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          474                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16157677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16157677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1800180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1800180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1433572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1433572                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3233752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3233752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3233752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3233752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       712791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       712791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       713711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        713711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       713711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       713711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59333998500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59333998500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     99299916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     99299916                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59433298416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59433298416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59433298416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59433298416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2512971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2512971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1434492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1434492                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3947463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3947463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3947463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3947463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.180802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83241.789669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83241.789669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107934.691304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107934.691304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83273.619737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83273.619737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83273.619737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83273.619737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8360930                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           171120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.860040                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       203801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           203801                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       345883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       345883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       345884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       345884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       345884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       345884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       366908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       366908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       367827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       367827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       367827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       367827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32642333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32642333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98362916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98362916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32740695916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32740695916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32740695916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32740695916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.146006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88965.988749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88965.988749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107032.552775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107032.552775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89011.127285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89011.127285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89011.127285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89011.127285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           151.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8916087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8916087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2229012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2229012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2229012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2229012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2229012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2229012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       661500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       661500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       661500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       661500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2229020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2229020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2229020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2229020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2229020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2229020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82687.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82687.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84214.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84214.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84214.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    316088                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      389013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    316088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.230711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.882254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.200019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16382.917727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6201392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6201392                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       203801                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           203801                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    41                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         51715                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51715                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                51756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    51757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               51756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   51757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 878                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       315193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          315193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             316071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 316077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            316071                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                316077                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     96374500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      96374500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31509854500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  31509854500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31606229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31606796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31606229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31606796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       203801                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203801                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               919                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       366908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        366908                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           367827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               367834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          367827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              367834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.955386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.955386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.859052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.859293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.859293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.859293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.859293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109765.945330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109765.945330                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        94500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99970.032647                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99970.032647                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99997.244290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99997.139937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99997.244290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99997.139937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156604                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       315193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       315193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        316071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            316077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       316071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           316077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87594500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87594500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       507000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       507000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28357944500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28357944500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28445539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28446046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28445539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28446046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.955386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99765.945330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99765.945330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89970.096100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89970.096100                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89997.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89997.203213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89997.307567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89997.203213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        632151                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       316075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             315197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           159471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        315198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       948226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       948226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 948226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     30251456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     30251456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30251456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            316076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  316076    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              316076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1333290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1664989000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       735666                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       367832                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           32                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             22                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            366913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       360405                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          323508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       366908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1103477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1103498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     36584064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               36584960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          316088                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  10022656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           683922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.008885                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 683868     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     54      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             683922                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          571641000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         551737500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
