
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2839726007250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               75555488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139821814                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              210266283                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    72.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5486048794                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10152399424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11359936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11360192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        85440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           85440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          177499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              177503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1335                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1335                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         744067593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             744084361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5596258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5596258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5596258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        744067593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            749680619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      177504                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1335                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    177504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1335                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11347392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   12800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   85120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11360256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                85440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267165000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                177504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1335                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.626357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.298305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.276009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48148     49.95%     49.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39909     41.41%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7318      7.59%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          849      0.88%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2125.590361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2062.460254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    508.070574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.20%      1.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.20%      2.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      1.20%      3.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      2.41%      6.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      3.61%      9.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      8.43%     18.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           10     12.05%     30.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      4.82%     34.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8      9.64%     44.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            8      9.64%     54.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303           11     13.25%     67.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      3.61%     71.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            7      8.43%     79.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            7      8.43%     87.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            3      3.61%     91.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            2      2.41%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            3      3.61%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.20%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      1.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            83                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.024096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.022721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.219529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               82     98.80%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            83                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4415464250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7739895500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  886515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24903.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43653.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       743.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    744.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81119                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85368.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                337643460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179484525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               617374380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5089500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1523798100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24769440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5207846610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       169142400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9270457455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.208260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11861802625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    440734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2885904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11421068625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350459760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186300345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               648569040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1853100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1584500250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24500640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5149893000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       166705440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     793440.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9319498695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.420425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11728579375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9888000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      1005000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    434544750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3018761250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11293029625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2298638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2298638                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           125983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1836602                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 113849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             16362                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1836602                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            904025                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          932577                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        54304                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1181274                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     168451                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       197739                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2663                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1757848                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7866                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1821610                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7368576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2298638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1017874                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28461494                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 257128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1371                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65671                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1749982                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                21775                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.488232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.755752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27772445     91.12%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   50356      0.17%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  751809      2.47%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   77407      0.25%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  191984      0.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  143792      0.47%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  137542      0.45%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   58745      0.19%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1296504      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.075280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.241318                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1026588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27431673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1487706                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               406053                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                128564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12544520                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                128564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1179011                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25983131                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30140                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1651699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1508039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11952031                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               112108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1160786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                253604                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14197498                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             32370702                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16426370                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           118651                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5150435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9047065                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               525                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2379218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1920653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             238463                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            12213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11091375                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              13029                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8301073                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6839884                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12743812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         13028                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.272340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.998203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27455557     90.08%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1042675      3.42%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             607378      1.99%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             430688      1.41%     96.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             442798      1.45%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             207204      0.68%     99.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             166516      0.55%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              76874      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              50894      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34679     73.23%     73.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3669      7.75%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7783     16.43%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  767      1.62%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              449      0.95%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            43892      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6739650     81.19%     81.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3712      0.04%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                35163      0.42%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              45871      0.55%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1242999     14.97%     97.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             180324      2.17%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9430      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            32      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8301073                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.271857                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      47359                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47032115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17848341                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7854755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             115303                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             95958                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        51047                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8245077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  59463                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           15181                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1223604                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          474                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       134433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1382                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                128564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23105388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               301882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11104404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1920653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              238463                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4681                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80380                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         60183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        89075                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              149258                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8089622                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1180379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           211451                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1348792                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  923868                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    168413                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.264932                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7952005                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7905802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5844970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9560958                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.258912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611337                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6840881                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           128558                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29478314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.144666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.754490                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27835139     94.43%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       688628      2.34%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       201463      0.68%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       445929      1.51%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        95803      0.32%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        62695      0.21%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18477      0.06%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13808      0.05%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       116372      0.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29478314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2139679                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4264522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        801079                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       697049                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    672930                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     42148                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4222144                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               18354                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3383254     79.33%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            734      0.02%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           30858      0.72%     80.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         35928      0.84%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         690829     16.20%     97.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        104030      2.44%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6220      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4264522                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               116372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40467345                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23218061                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            526                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          54104                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2139679                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4264522                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.270686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.270686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.070074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.070074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9059029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6845098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    89596                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   44819                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4810420                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2297729                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3941859                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           298176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             699407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           298176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.345618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5333720                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5333720                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       620963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         620963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       102688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        102688                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       723651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          723651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       723651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         723651                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       533893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       533893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       535235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        535235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       535235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       535235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34212401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34212401500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    108030500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    108030500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34320432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34320432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34320432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34320432000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1154856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1154856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       104030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       104030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1258886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1258886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1258886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1258886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.462303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.462303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.425166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.425166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.425166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.425166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64081.007805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64081.007805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80499.627422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80499.627422                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64122.174372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64122.174372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64122.174372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64122.174372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        35138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.213242                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3249                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       237035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       237035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       237059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       237059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       237059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       237059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       296858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       296858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       298176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       298176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       298176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       298176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18545243500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18545243500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18649693500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18649693500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18649693500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18649693500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.257052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62471.765962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62471.765962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79248.861912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79248.861912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62545.924219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62545.924219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62545.924219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62545.924219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               2568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6999932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6999932                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1749978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1749978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1749978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1749978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1749978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1749978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1749982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1749982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1749982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1749982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1749982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1749982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       101250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    177563                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      418178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    177563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.355097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.401424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.345378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.253198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4947251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4947251                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        120344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            120344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               120676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   120676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              120676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  120676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             986                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 986                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       176514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          176514                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             177500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 177504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            177500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                177504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     98858500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      98858500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16792230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16792230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16891088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16891487500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16891088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16891487500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       296858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        296858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           298176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               298180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          298176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              298180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.748103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.594608                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.595286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.595291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.595286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.595291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100262.170385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100262.170385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95132.567388                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95132.567388                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95161.061972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95161.165382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95161.061972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95161.165382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1335                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1335                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           48                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            48                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          986                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            986                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176514                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176514                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            177504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           177504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     88998500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88998500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       359000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15027100000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15027100000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15116098500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15116457500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15116098500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15116457500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.748103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.748103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.595286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.595291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.595286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.595291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90262.170385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90262.170385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85132.624041                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85132.624041                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85161.118310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85161.221719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85161.118310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85161.221719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        354990                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       177500                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             176517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           176151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        176518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       532493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       532493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 532493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11445632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11445632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11445632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            177504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  177504    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              177504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           419376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          963586500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       596360                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       298181                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            126                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          105                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            296862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          471155                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       296858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       894528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                894540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19291200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19291712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          177563                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     85440                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           475743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 475357     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    365      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     21      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             475743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          301433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         447264000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
