
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10977220425875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60221474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                112818216                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143660752                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   106.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6399951324                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11989596079                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10204608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10204992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8764544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8764544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          159447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              159453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        136946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             136946                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         668394445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             668419597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       574071294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            574071294                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       574071294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        668394445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1242490891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      159452                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     136946                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    159452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   136946                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10203072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8764096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10204928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8764544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                159452                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               136946                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146679                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   12618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   8692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    707.036940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   525.589742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   373.008750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2861     10.66%     10.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2659      9.91%     20.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1474      5.49%     26.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1152      4.29%     30.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1243      4.63%     35.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1211      4.51%     39.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2135      7.96%     47.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1907      7.11%     54.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12185     45.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.634876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.307837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     33.740508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          8553     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.005026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.105259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8533     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                9      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.09%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2889373250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5878554500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  797115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18123.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36873.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       668.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       574.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    668.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    574.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  126217                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51509.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 95147640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 50583555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565959240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              356452920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         858652080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1485378960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61162080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2739302580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       313167840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1255286820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7781242215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            509.665738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11839111000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     363844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5027542625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    815537000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3013429500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6007561250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96390000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51224910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               572320980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              358368660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         861110640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1493009550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60227040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2760164010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       308875200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1241901600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7803855810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            511.146912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11835837000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     37878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     364836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4978417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    804352500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3028753500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6053106875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3773432                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3773432                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            35129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3226099                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 121630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3226099                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1618227                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1607872                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          840                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4264079                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2680144                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        28371                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        25590                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2366409                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2382788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      16696131                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3773432                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1739857                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28116174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  70312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          173                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2366409                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13351                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.038525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.452896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25290418     82.83%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  208498      0.68%     83.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  165741      0.54%     84.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  347928      1.14%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  801024      2.62%     87.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  573116      1.88%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  453390      1.48%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  216563      0.71%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2477613      8.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.123579                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.546792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1530448                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24442674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3720669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               805344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 35156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              31228984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 35156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1843284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22709315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13835                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4142093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1790608                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              31009627                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               219845                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1377721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           35117674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             82773826                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        46889132                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               70                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30576677                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4541068                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               105                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4417858                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4569320                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2857974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           256635                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16331                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30605109                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 29426675                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3587507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5441819                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           324                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.963726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.026814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           22989810     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1266484      4.15%     79.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1511366      4.95%     84.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1033006      3.38%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             763097      2.50%     90.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             830307      2.72%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             775867      2.54%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             735516      2.41%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             628838      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 586608     64.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     64.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                189172     20.64%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               140840     15.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2885      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22429323     76.22%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 24      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4287218     14.57%     90.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2707225      9.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              29426675                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.963713                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     916620                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.031149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          90318460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         34192923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29202699                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 52                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                64                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           22                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              30340384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     26                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1268529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       657834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       405566                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           67                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17405414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               198478                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30605436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               54                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4569320                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2857974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                179150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         26046                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        49461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               75507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             29324560                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4264057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6944186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3377663                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2680129                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.960369                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      29283001                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     29202721                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 21910789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 38032032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.956379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.576114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3587507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            35129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30065309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.898644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.349100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25334099     84.26%     84.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       430126      1.43%     85.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       568367      1.89%     87.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       595077      1.98%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       167644      0.56%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48734      0.16%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       271921      0.90%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        74591      0.25%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2574750      8.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30065309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            14030170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              27018000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       6363898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3911487                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3216044                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27016076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              121274                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1922      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        20652180     76.44%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3911487     14.48%     90.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2452411      9.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         27018000                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2574750                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58096066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   61680400                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              5                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   14030170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     27018000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.176359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.176359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.459483                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.459483                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                43403833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               23196628                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       35                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      22                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19175988                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 9790566                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               14009651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           170613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           10812093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           170613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.372035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         21859549                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        21859549                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2610199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2610199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2452409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2452409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      5062608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5062608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      5062608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5062608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       359624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       359624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       359626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        359626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       359626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       359626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27472996500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27472996500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       156000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27473152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27473152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27473152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27473152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2969823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2969823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2452411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2452411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5422234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5422234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5422234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5422234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76393.668109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76393.668109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        78000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76393.677042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76393.677042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76393.677042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76393.677042                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.878788                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       151925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           151925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       189013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       189013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       189013                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       170611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       170613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       170613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       170613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14410007500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14410007500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14410161500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14410161500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14410161500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14410161500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84461.186559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84461.186559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84461.099096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84461.099096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84461.099096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84461.099096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                6                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                6                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1974.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9465642                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9465642                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2366401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2366401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2366401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2366401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2366401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2366401                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            8                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2366409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2366409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2366409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2366409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2366409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2366409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       158375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       158375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       158375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       158375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       158375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       158375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1142500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1142500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1142500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1142500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 190416.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190416.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 190416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 190416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    159465                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      181557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    159465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.138538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.253071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.414413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16382.332516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5600                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2889353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2889353                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       151925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           151925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                6                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         11167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11167                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                11167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    11167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               11167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   11167                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       159444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          159444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             159446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 159452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            159446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                159452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        151000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1133000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1133000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14032736500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14032736500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14032887500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14034020500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14032887500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14034020500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       151925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       151925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            6                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       170611                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        170611                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           170613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               170619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          170613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              170619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.934547                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.934548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.934550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.934548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.934550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88010.439402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88010.439402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88010.282478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88014.076336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 188833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88010.282478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88014.076336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               136947                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    136947                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       159444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        159446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            159452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           159452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       131000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1073000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1073000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12438286500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12438286500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12438417500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12439490500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12438417500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12439490500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.934550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.934548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.934550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78010.376684                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78010.376684                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78010.219761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78014.013622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 178833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78010.219761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78014.013622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        318913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       159461                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             159451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       136946                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        159450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       478366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       478366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 478366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            159452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  159452    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              159452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           918106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          838678250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       341238                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       170619                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            170617                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       288872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           41206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       170611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       511839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                511857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20643200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          159465                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8764608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           330084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000033                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 330073    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             330084                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          322550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         255919500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
