
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2534379124750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20410533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 37694776                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58446515                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   261.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5331619693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9846593503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1282816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1283008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1020736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1020736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          84023520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              84036096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        66857470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             66857470                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        66857470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         84023520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            150893566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1283008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1021568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1283008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1020736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269172000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    2116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.198101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.623643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.372218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18191     71.99%     71.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5001     19.79%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1142      4.52%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          564      2.23%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          221      0.87%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           81      0.32%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           37      0.15%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           21      0.08%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            7      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.597417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.423825                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.768635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             2      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            49      5.27%      5.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           165     17.76%     23.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           250     26.91%     50.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           252     27.13%     77.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           142     15.29%     92.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            45      4.84%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            16      1.72%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             5      0.54%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      0.22%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.181916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.148474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.070900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              402     43.27%     43.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               15      1.61%     44.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              455     48.98%     93.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               55      5.92%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    561120250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               937001500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  100235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27990.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46740.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        84.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     84.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     66.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7123                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3615                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     424190.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 92063160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 48928935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                73770480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42772680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1214528640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            956206350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30618240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4716707820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1027584480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         31399740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8234752545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            539.370337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13090000875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     513928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     70619000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2675854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1642085250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10343815375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 88371780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46970715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                69365100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               40548960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1218831120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            979682940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32458080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4523927550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1160809920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         41613540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8202664935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.268622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13032162625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26095500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515826000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     90366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3023099250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1690967750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9920989625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13172567                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13172567                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1380158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11041225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1059047                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            190819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11041225                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2615382                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8425843                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       911058                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6924242                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2336487                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        89466                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20568                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6533202                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2713                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7376208                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56352027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13172567                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3674429                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21760072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2762584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15457                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6530489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.011187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12227966     40.05%     40.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  520414      1.70%     41.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  894871      2.93%     44.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1327053      4.35%     49.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  604314      1.98%     51.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1144420      3.75%     54.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  988524      3.24%     57.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  495777      1.62%     59.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12330670     40.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.845509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5576045                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8460585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13681157                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1434930                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1381292                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109653276                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1381292                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6641053                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7091912                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        250909                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13836774                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1332069                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102497724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                34470                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                727305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                372808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115241815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            253977407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139340295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19369396                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47761984                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67479959                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3271971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9458882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3248140                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           154784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          165456                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88831797                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             209074                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70580370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           667934                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47821371                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69048611                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        208965                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.311533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.592239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13432635     43.99%     43.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2208976      7.23%     51.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2731280      8.95%     60.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2293407      7.51%     67.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2342494      7.67%     75.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2224567      7.29%     82.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2629430      8.61%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1610538      5.27%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1060682      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1425420     92.75%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80805      5.26%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5292      0.34%     98.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2944      0.19%     98.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            21990      1.43%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             324      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1834614      2.60%      2.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53632586     75.99%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3381      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71445      0.10%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4949227      7.01%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5129196      7.27%     92.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2539188      3.60%     96.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2419731      3.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1002      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70580370                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.311482                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1536775                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021773                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158755753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118848759                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59606610                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15143708                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18013736                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6715801                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62705917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7576614                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206722                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5776642                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3579                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          288                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1576295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3223                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1381292                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6226859                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                13730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89040871                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9458882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3248140                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6246                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5342                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           288                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        412977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1321087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1734064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67522899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6888237                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3057474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9223992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6205186                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2335755                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.211351                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66887611                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66322411                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49112735                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87145986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.172035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563569                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47821755                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1381132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23249332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.772937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.406468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10899290     46.88%     46.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2999211     12.90%     59.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3385953     14.56%     74.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1844764      7.93%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       948119      4.08%     86.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       759497      3.27%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       325929      1.40%     91.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323891      1.39%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1762678      7.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23249332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18773338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41219605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5354095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3682249                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4303892                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3085216                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38580959                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              367304                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       700272      1.70%      1.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32792923     79.56%     81.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2177      0.01%     81.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46104      0.11%     81.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2324034      5.64%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2931631      7.11%     94.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1671846      4.06%     98.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       750618      1.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41219605                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1762678                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110528014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185508151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            140                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18773338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41219605                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.626492                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.626492                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.614820                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.614820                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86232253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50940856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10602696                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6336194                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35874802                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17825857                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21933555                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            22682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             500098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            22682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            22.048232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          787                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33242306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33242306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6596571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6596571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1662088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1662088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8258659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8258659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8258659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8258659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        36234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        36234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10013                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        46247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         46247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        46247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        46247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2798410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2798410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    944634000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    944634000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3743044500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3743044500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3743044500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3743044500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6632805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6632805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1672101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1672101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8304906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8304906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8304906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8304906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005988                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77231.619473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77231.619473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94340.757016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94340.757016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80935.941791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80935.941791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80935.941791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80935.941791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          488                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        23544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23544                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1131861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1131861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    895272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895272000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2027133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2027133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85890.195781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85890.195781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93991.811024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93991.811024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89289.212879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89289.212879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89289.212879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89289.212879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.525060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             117201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            83.655246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.525060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26123379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26123379                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6529009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6529009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6529009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6529009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6529009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6529009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18870500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18870500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18870500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18870500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18870500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18870500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6530489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6530489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6530489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6530489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6530489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6530489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12750.337838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12750.337838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12750.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12750.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12750.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12750.337838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1401                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17155500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17155500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17155500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17155500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17155500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.867885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.867885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.867885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.867885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12055.867885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12055.867885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20050                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.061596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.755187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        16.715843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16356.528969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    405266                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   405266                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1401                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1401                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1398                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1398                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2598                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2598                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4036                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9465                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9465                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10579                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20044                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    880040000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     880040000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       297500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1084192500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1084192500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1964232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1964530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1964232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1964530000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1401                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1401                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9505                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9505                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1401                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        13177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13177                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            22682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           22682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995792                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002141                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002141                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.802838                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.832413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.832413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92978.341257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92978.341257                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102485.348332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102485.348332                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97996.033726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97996.208909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97996.033726                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97996.208909                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            21                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10579                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       417500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       417500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    785390000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785390000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       267500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       267500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    978402001                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    978402001                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       267500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763792001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764059501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       267500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1763792001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764059501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.802838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.832413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.832413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19880.952381                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19880.952381                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82978.341257                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82978.341257                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92485.301163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92485.301163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87996.008831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87996.184018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87996.008831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87996.184018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         40110                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20065                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             4093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        60157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        60157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2303744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20068    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20068                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           108987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          108741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        48209                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24086                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           78                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           10427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9505                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        68088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 72313                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       179328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2498432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2677760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20072                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1022144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044840                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44087     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     89      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2134500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34033999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
