
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10458130725625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65066880                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121525765                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160986580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6170688753                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11525031220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          21120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9980736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10001856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        21120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         21120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9901120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9901120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1383345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653730991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655114335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1383345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1383345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648516200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648516200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648516200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1383345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653730991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303630536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154705                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10001856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9901504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10001856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9901120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267392000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154705                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.161974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   561.369453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.281186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2012      7.30%      7.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2501      9.07%     16.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2140      7.76%     24.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1583      5.74%     29.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1444      5.24%     35.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1512      5.49%     40.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1370      4.97%     45.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1487      5.40%     50.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13511     49.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.173652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.122581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.633351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               2      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             43      0.44%      0.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9343     96.69%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           137      1.42%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            32      0.33%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             5      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009439                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.216744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9636     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885851750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5816083000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18466.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37216.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142799                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140631                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49093.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98889000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52556955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559261920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403767000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1522642140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62465760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2082533190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       324138720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1572014400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430090235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.665538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11765263250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42707500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318562000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6354224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    844083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140755500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4567011125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97889400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52033245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556570140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403824420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506203340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66366720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2078690820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       319644480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1583611740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7413465825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.576651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11742534500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6400493375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    832411000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4558456250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1315811                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1315811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1308269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1308269                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1274821                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33448                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4359                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346711                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1302008                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          741                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68043                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5750731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1315811                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1278332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432534                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          666                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.380046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.653088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28830437     94.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39511      0.13%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41927      0.14%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224238      0.74%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26612      0.09%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8793      0.03%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8667      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24981      0.08%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1302624      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043092                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  418789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28628779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               822404                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6443                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11534618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6443                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  692830                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11840                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1178693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28387801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11503232                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1278                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28096656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14659752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24316828                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13200192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           308194                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14406800                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  252952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               110                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           117                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4995187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              356624                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1309490                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20418                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11445865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                749                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11387176                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1730                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         162889                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       238308                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           639                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.373255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.250181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27419723     89.88%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             469106      1.54%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             558015      1.83%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347449      1.14%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             335072      1.10%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1067995      3.50%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117952      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             168106      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24372      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72345     94.43%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  359      0.47%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   780      1.02%     95.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  200      0.26%     96.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2752      3.59%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             174      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4135      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9646501     84.71%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  82      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  267      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83456      0.73%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302906      2.66%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1265181     11.11%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46494      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38154      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11387176                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.372926                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76610                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52985092                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11401769                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11180965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375390                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            207930                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183968                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11270362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189289                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2034                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22768                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          207                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12132                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          537                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6443                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  54703                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               141833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11446614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              800                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               356624                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1309490                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               320                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   381                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               141282                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           207                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6006                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7726                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11372214                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346540                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1648512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1290723                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1301972                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.372436                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11368002                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11364933                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8304379                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11650153                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.372197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712813                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         163145                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.370178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.274283                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27485011     90.17%     90.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337840      1.11%     91.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322510      1.06%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1151744      3.78%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66872      0.22%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       732880      2.40%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72330      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22011      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290711      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5576686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11283725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1631214                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333856                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1284430                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11186731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2241      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9568553     84.80%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.72%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289659      2.57%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1259674     11.16%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11283725                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290711                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41638068                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22920077                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5576686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11283725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.475418                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.475418                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.182634                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.182634                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12990486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8625864                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285548                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145158                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6440141                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5729541                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4236960                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1493544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.573386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6719878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6719878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1142664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1142664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1482615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1482615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1482615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1482615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154724                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    339128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13967861497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13967861497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14306989497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14306989497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14306989497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14306989497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1297388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1297388                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1640967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1640967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1640967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1640967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.119258                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096499                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93475.192944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93475.192944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90275.984960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90275.984960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90349.281960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90349.281960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90349.281960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90349.281960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   106.006579                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   107.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155058                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2336                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13812395497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13812395497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13950839497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13950839497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13950839497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13950839497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119251                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119251                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106413.528055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106413.528055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89276.382361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89276.382361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89419.287105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89419.287105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89419.287105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89419.287105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              604                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.402318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           191550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          191550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62043.824701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62043.824701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62043.824701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62043.824701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62043.824701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62043.824701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              604                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62303.278689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62303.278689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62303.278689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62303.278689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62303.278689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62303.278689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156805                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.420435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.740892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16284.838673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9497                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662493                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155058                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                41                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154690                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154690                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          330                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              330                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156280                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13579955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13579955500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135993000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135993000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13715948500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13750121500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13715948500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13750121500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155058                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            606                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544554                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.544554                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.968486                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.544554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.544554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87788.192514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87788.192514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103554.545455                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103554.545455                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107930.952381                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107930.952381                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103554.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87950.936197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87983.884694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103554.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87950.936197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87983.884694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154704                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154690                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          330                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12033065500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12033065500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30873000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123393000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156458500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156458500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12187331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.968486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77788.257159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77788.257159                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93554.545455                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93554.545455                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97930.952381                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97930.952381                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93554.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77951.000321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77983.948682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 93554.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77951.000321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77983.948682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312419                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156155                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1435                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19902976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19902976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19902976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156279    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821914750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313240                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156616                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           97                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            752                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          752                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309762                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1301                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19908352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19985792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156809                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9901312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312582     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    849      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313431                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234018998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
