
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2381705683500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20162765                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 36978567                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59841485                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   255.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5144121141                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9434332735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1129152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1129472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       995136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          995136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17648                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73958639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73979599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        65180688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             65180688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        65180688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73958639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            139160288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17648                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1129408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  994624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1129472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               995136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268517500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16267                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.364130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.759984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    50.888038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17246     72.56%     72.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4754     20.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1044      4.39%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          476      2.00%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          156      0.66%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           53      0.22%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           24      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           12      0.05%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23769                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.556541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.452119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.037010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               57      6.32%      6.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               87      9.65%     15.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              140     15.52%     31.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              178     19.73%     51.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              161     17.85%     69.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              131     14.52%     83.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               83      9.20%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               30      3.33%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               20      2.22%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               10      1.11%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                5      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.229490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.198189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.034100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              358     39.69%     39.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      2.55%     42.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              477     52.88%     95.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               44      4.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    493877250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               824758500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   88235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27986.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46736.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        65.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     65.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6025                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     459936.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 83330940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44295240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                62089440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               39771180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1222518960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1012845540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31093440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4430950290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1207878720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         48947760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8184019890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.047385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12963954625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     517446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    102044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3145527500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1763044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9716419875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 86372580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45908115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                63910140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41352840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1014965370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31765440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4456363170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1190082240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         42950700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8195032545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.768706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12956963875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24184750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516872000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     86754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3098888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1767969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9772676125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13282389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13282389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1404742                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11177255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1057549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191384                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11177255                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2614391                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8562864                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       941876                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6974482                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2275496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85052                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18598                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6537580                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7382435                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56469887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13282389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3671940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21723889                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2812224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        20063                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6534112                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               323234                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.044841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12092659     39.60%     39.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  528781      1.73%     41.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  871232      2.85%     44.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1336257      4.38%     48.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  598275      1.96%     50.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1178900      3.86%     54.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  996088      3.26%     57.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  492259      1.61%     59.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12439251     40.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.849368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5570291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8350138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13789900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1417261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1406112                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110483499                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1406112                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6646157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7046193                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        252241                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13909337                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1273662                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103195886                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                660841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                376188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115923843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255109481                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139437296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20320420                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47140901                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68782841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32629                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         35028                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3129950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9496018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3181095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           152513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          158080                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89251929                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213144                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70717386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           676086                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48831058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70200070                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213036                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.316044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.603313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13503318     44.22%     44.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2183183      7.15%     51.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2658699      8.71%     60.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2278227      7.46%     67.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2332448      7.64%     75.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2233027      7.31%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2626383      8.60%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1618437      5.30%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1099980      3.60%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1406439     92.21%     92.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                85155      5.58%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4523      0.30%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2209      0.14%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            26636      1.75%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             256      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1954913      2.76%      2.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53357415     75.45%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2768      0.00%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70820      0.10%     78.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5238459      7.41%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5050472      7.14%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2481008      3.51%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2560714      3.62%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           817      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70717386                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.315969                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1525218                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021568                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158129202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119229055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59251755                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16040570                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19067319                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7080954                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62260765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8026926                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          198372                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5896846                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1566362                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3152                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           19                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1406112                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6258686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 9380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89465073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9496018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3181095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             88305                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  6122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1592                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        418072                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1347389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1765461                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67561990                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6936911                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3155390                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9211834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6162875                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2274923                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.212631                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66909211                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66332709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48999263                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86898481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.172372                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48831340                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1405956                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23115772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.757845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.394972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10892720     47.12%     47.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2975002     12.87%     59.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3370883     14.58%     74.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1823808      7.89%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       945810      4.09%     86.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       740707      3.20%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       326428      1.41%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322909      1.40%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1717505      7.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23115772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18483411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40633938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5213900                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3599167                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4237171                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3097003                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 37946087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              360045                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       720417      1.77%      1.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32309544     79.51%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1396      0.00%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46041      0.11%     81.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2342640      5.77%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2856309      7.03%     94.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1614733      3.97%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       742858      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40633938                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1717505                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110863545                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186492293                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18483411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40633938                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.652005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.652005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.605325                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.605325                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85793891                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50636433                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11146386                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6709416                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35385715                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17691067                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21730938                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19983                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             466186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.329130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33257199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33257199                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6666514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6666514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1605227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1605227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8271741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8271741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8271741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8271741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        27880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9683                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2058948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2058948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    910071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    910071000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2969019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2969019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2969019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2969019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6694394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6694394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1614910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1614910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8309304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8309304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8309304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8309304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73850.358680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73850.358680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93986.471135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93986.471135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79041.051034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79041.051034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79041.051034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79041.051034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           30                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15985                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    928685500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    928685500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    855425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1784111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1784111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1784111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005662                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85553.707969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85553.707969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93560.702177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93560.702177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89214.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89214.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89214.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89214.471447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.759998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             216882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           159.004399                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.759998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26137827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26137827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6532709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6532709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6532709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6532709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6532709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6532709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18324500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18324500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6534112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6534112                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6534112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6534112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6534112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6534112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13060.940841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.940841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13060.940841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.940841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13060.940841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13060.940841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1364                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12203.045685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12203.045685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12203.045685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12203.045685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12203.045685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12203.045685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17652                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.100555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       14.636325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        18.879508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.484167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1055                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    359020                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   359020                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15985                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15985                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1364                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1364                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    74                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1359                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1359                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3699                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9054                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8589                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8589                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    840484500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     840484500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       457000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       457000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    888180500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    888180500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1728665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1729122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1728665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1729122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15985                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15985                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1364                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1364                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1364                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1364                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10855                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991893                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003666                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003666                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.791248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.003666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.826720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.003666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.826720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92830.185553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92830.185553                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91400                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91400                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103409.069740                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103409.069740                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97980.218784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97978.354488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91400                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97980.218784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97978.354488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9054                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       296500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       296500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    749944500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    749944500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       407000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       407000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    802290500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802290500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1552235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1552235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.826720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.826720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19766.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19766.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82830.185553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82830.185553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        81400                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        81400                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93409.069740                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93409.069740                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        81400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87980.218784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87978.354488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        81400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87980.218784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87978.354488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35306                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17664                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2094                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2124608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17663    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           101875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95806500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        42724                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           68                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31534                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             15                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10855                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 64086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       174592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2301952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2476544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17667                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    996096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            39029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.044661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38951     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     78      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              39029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           38711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29982998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
