
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2702319910125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               46057185                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 85206179                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              128689495                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5464087631                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10108609599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10271808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10272000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       132416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          132416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          160497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              160500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         672795996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             672808572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8673152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8673152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8673152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        672795996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            681481724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      160500                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2069                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    160500                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2069                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10249664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   22336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  131968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10272000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               132416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              8455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             8446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267367500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                160500                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2069                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  123818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   33557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        92809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    111.846394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.858671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.131438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51174     55.14%     55.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34964     37.67%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5821      6.27%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          703      0.76%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      0.08%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        92809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1254.834646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1204.305011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    368.983068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      7.09%      7.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      9.45%     16.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           17     13.39%     29.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           17     13.39%     43.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           12      9.45%     52.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           20     15.75%     68.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           16     12.60%     81.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           11      8.66%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            6      4.72%     94.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      2.36%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.79%     97.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.79%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.236220                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.223743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.660167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              112     88.19%     88.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.79%     88.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13     10.24%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4064539750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7067371000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  800755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25379.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44129.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       671.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    672.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    67715                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1681                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 42.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      93913.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    42.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                320550300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                170357550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               547702260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5475780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1410700410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24718560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5271816570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       210559200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9166575030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            600.404036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12108168000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10176000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    548832750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2638522250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11560213125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                342163080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                181852605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               595775880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5287860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1508573400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24821280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5213360790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       177263040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9253792335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            606.116706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11894687000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    461847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2853234750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11432863625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3295549                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3295549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           200744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2759743                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 184396                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             26917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2759743                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1256213                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1503530                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        93785                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1691967                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     283433                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       250910                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4882                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2448115                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13637                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2549217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10851284                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3295549                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1440609                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27604398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 410274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       106280                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2434479                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                38267                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30470436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.719694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.104647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26559962     87.17%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   95685      0.31%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  980318      3.22%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  124954      0.41%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  270250      0.89%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  208648      0.68%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  187934      0.62%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   95122      0.31%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1947563      6.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30470436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.107928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.355376                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1537352                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25905642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2305053                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               517252                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                205137                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              18634764                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                205137                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1753757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24213585                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         52561                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2497193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1748203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              17705043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               128733                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1310324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                320138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20930884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             47492698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        24624218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           181615                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              7294494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                13636366                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               824                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1080                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2843335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2747531                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             408526                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            16726                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           18912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  16268795                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              22957                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 12180988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            26775                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       10240427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     18621671                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         22956                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30470436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.399764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.218967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26297478     86.30%     86.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1303651      4.28%     90.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             804428      2.64%     93.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             587467      1.93%     95.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             661074      2.17%     97.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             335649      1.10%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             266743      0.88%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             128487      0.42%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              85459      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30470436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  57647     76.24%     76.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 6056      8.01%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     84.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 10134     13.40%     97.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1359      1.80%     99.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              410      0.54%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            73408      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9857778     80.93%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                6440      0.05%     81.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                58035      0.48%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              74614      0.61%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1793298     14.72%     97.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             304166      2.50%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          13224      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            25      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              12180988                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.398923                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      75615                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006208                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          54751911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         26394992                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11455926                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             182895                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            137196                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        82794                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              12088857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  94338                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           25420                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1802164                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1000                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           25                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       234314                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1795                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                205137                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20761781                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               335990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           16291752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            12987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2747531                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              408526                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              8201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 35058                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                97209                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            25                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         90995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       149979                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              240974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11826898                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1690486                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           354094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1973837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1309938                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    283351                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.387327                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11617842                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11538720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8625609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 14030693                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.377889                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.614767                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       10241910                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           205132                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28953403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.209001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.926002                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26741743     92.36%     92.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       888510      3.07%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       271379      0.94%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       565508      1.95%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       146750      0.51%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96172      0.33%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        34058      0.12%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22960      0.08%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       186323      0.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28953403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             3033781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               6051304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1119574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       945362                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    917031                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     69960                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5980806                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               30754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        20937      0.35%      0.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4799265     79.31%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1230      0.02%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50538      0.84%     80.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         59760      0.99%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         935162     15.45%     96.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        174212      2.88%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        10200      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          6051304                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               186323                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    45060294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   34112348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            701                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          64252                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3033781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6051304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             10.064895                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       10.064895                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.099355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.099355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13469806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10000502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   145111                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   72582                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6687027                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3300663                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5641818                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           364583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1542387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           364583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.230551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          836                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7652671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7652671                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       988832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         988832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       172288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        172288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1161120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1161120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1161120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1161120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       658978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       658978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1924                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       660902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        660902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       660902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       660902                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33950459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33950459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172823000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    172823000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34123282500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34123282500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34123282500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34123282500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1647810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1647810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       174212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       174212                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1822022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1822022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1822022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1822022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.399911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.399911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.362730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.362730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51519.867886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51519.867886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89824.844075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89824.844075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51631.380295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51631.380295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51631.380295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51631.380295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        46385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.864343                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         5396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             5396                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       296285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       296285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       296319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       296319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       296319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       296319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       362693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       364583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       364583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       364583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       364583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17917192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17917192500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    167913500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167913500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18085106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18085106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18085106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18085106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.220106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.200098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49400.436457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49400.436457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88843.121693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88843.121693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49604.907524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49604.907524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49604.907524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49604.907524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             0.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9737919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9737919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2434476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2434476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2434476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2434476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2434476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2434476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       301500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2434479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2434479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2434479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2434479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2434479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2434479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       298500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       298500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       298500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       298500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    160578                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      561221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    160578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.495006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.216533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.153413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.630054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5993714                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5993714                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         5396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             5396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               242                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   242                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        203846                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            203846                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               204088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   204088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              204088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  204088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       158847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          158847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             160495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 160498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            160495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                160498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162438000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     162438000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       294000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       294000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15171279000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15171279000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15333717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15334011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15333717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15334011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         5396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       362693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        362693                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           364583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               364586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          364583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              364586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.871958                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.437965                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.440215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.440220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.440215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.440220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98566.747573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98566.747573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95508.753706                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95508.753706                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95540.153899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95540.199878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95540.153899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95540.199878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2069                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2069                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           79                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            79                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       158847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       158847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        160495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            160498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       160495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           160498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    145958000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145958000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       264000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13582809000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13582809000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13728767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13728767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13729031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.437965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.440215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.440220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.440215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.440220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88566.747573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88566.747573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85508.753706                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85508.753706                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85540.153899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85540.199878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85540.153899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85540.199878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        320989                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       160498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             158851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           158420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        158852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       481488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       481488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 481488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10404352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10404352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10404352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            160500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  160500    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              160500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           379876500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          874037500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       729172                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       364586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            168                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          147                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            362696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7465                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          517696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       362693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1093749                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1093758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     23678656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               23679040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          160578                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    132416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           525164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 524886     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    257      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     21      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             525164                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          369985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         546874500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
