
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               641228453250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16022574                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30310883                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              172555562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1220016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1417642498                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2681841338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       19362944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           19369152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         6208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          6208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      4657024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         4657024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          302546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              302643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         72766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              72766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            406620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1268258830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1268665450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       406620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           406620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       305031704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            305031704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       305031704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           406620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1268258830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1573697154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      302642                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      72766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    302642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    72766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               19355392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 4656960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                19369088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              4657024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             18588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             18805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             18674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             18393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             18634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             18607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             18973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             18613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            19108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            18937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            18999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              4232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              4217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              4202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              4370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              4486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              4479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              4282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              4222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              5127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             4961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             4988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             4924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             4706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             4424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267317000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                302642                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                72766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   74694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   41150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   30284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   4647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   5209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        48217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    498.031151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   284.481599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   421.766015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13836     28.70%     28.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8093     16.78%     45.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2935      6.09%     51.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1779      3.69%     55.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1473      3.05%     58.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1549      3.21%     61.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1418      2.94%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1120      2.32%     66.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16014     33.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        48217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.559348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     29.939288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    190.593986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          4177     91.98%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          151      3.33%     95.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           90      1.98%     97.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           22      0.48%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           18      0.40%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      0.13%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      0.26%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.13%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      0.15%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.09%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           12      0.26%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           13      0.29%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      0.15%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            8      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            3      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.024004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.022418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.236710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             4491     98.90%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.07%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               38      0.84%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.13%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5216454750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             10886979750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1512140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17248.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35998.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1267.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       305.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1268.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    305.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     9.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.78                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   262167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   64817                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      40668.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    87.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                168182700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 89398815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1069850460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              180043020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1049190480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1990593900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             66164640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2830078500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       623803200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        766423320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8833791615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            578.606963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10729377500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67742250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     444774000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2898765500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1624490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4025421375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6206151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                176029560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 93584700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1089485460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              199790280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1054722240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2004599940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62161920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3000396210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       561503040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        698148600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8940480960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            585.595038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10704347875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59370750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     446928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2667217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1462238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4052055250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6579534875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2322557                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2322557                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             8491                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2156182                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  78718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                90                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2156182                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1212119                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          944063                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2203                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    5593169                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1905179                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        25236                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1562938                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          287                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1568589                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      11982829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2322557                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28946553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  17120                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2131                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1562658                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1728                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30525907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.712605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.094880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26789746     87.76%     87.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  357413      1.17%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  171922      0.56%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  329598      1.08%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  175973      0.58%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  516431      1.69%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  212380      0.70%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  277007      0.91%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1695437      5.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30525907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.076063                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.392433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  769452                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26757670                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2229989                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               760236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8560                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              21578648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8560                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1100820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               17747467                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23120                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2600810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9045130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              21536596                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               158879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1091106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               5775756                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1807958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           25324077                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             54595109                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        32008165                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           212219                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             24343736                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  980306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               180                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           179                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4608212                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4181706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1913372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           136953                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           32244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  21479074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1179                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 22733036                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            14153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         672635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1012558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30525907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.744713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.781129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24357155     79.79%     79.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1325295      4.34%     84.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1024129      3.35%     87.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             805655      2.64%     90.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             827241      2.71%     92.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             798997      2.62%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             502476      1.65%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             455959      1.49%     98.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             429000      1.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30525907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 265434     33.24%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     33.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   54      0.01%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     33.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                462482     57.92%     91.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                70495      8.83%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                4      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              37      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52819      0.23%      0.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             15176820     66.76%     66.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   6      0.00%     66.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   20      0.00%     66.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               2150      0.01%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     67.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5594029     24.61%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1700765      7.48%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            618      0.00%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        205809      0.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              22733036                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.744499                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     798506                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.035125                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          76387281                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         21941751                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21029462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             417357                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211184                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       208443                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              23270005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 208718                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          540977                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        95420                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19805                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           42                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1484058                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8560                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               11219691                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3091844                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           21480253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              138                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4181706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1913372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               513                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 66205                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              2979175                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9875                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             22719032                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              5591885                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14004                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     7496500                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2221886                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1904615                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.744040                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      21242540                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     21237905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 15655159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 24151567                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.695534                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.648205                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         672643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             53                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             8519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30431979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.683742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.080456                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26526942     87.17%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       819906      2.69%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       275196      0.90%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       379433      1.25%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       120668      0.40%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        58968      0.19%     92.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215455      0.71%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54495      0.18%     93.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1980916      6.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30431979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            11473535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              20807632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5979862                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4086284                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         32                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2200448                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    207680                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 20756469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               77522                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        49822      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14776386     71.01%     71.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              4      0.00%     71.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          1558      0.01%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        4085924     19.64%     90.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1687826      8.11%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          360      0.00%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       205752      0.99%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         20807632                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1980916                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49931338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   43054844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             77                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8781                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11473535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     20807632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.661315                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.661315                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.375754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.375754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                34412852                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17058581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   210220                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    2385                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11242680                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 7876473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12017312                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           352772                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4835358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           352772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            13.706751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         22265616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        22265616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2989632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2989632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1826639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1826639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4816271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4816271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4816271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4816271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       594438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       594438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        67502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        67502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       661940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        661940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       661940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       661940                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46345931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46345931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3934581388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3934581388                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50280512388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  50280512388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  50280512388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  50280512388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3584070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3584070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1894141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1894141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5478211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5478211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5478211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5478211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.165856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035637                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77965.962809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77965.962809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 58288.367574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58288.367574                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75959.320162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75959.320162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75959.320162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75959.320162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6720499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           174036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.615568                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        99538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            99538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       309169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       309169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       309170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       309170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       309170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       309170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       285269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        67501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       352770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       352770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       352770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       352770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23577059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23577059500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3867041388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3867041388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27444100888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27444100888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27444100888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27444100888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.079594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.064395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82648.515962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82648.515962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57288.653324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57288.653324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77796.016918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77796.016918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77796.016918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77796.016918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           31242960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         312429.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6250732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6250732                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1562522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1562522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1562522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1562522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1562522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1562522                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1562658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1562658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1562658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1562658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1562658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1562658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81661.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81661.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81661.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8651000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        86510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    302761                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      424874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    302761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.403331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        8.668392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         7.175922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16368.155685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1074                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5948697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5948697                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        99538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            99538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              100                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data             27877                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 27877                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                50225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    50228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               50225                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   50228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           39624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               39624                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               97                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       262921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          262921                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             302545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 302642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                97                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            302545                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                302642                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3469840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3469840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8467500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8467500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22905178000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22905178000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8467500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26375018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      26383485500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8467500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26375018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     26383485500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        99538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          100                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          100                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         67501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             67501                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          100                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            100                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       285269                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        285269                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           352770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               352870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          352770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              352870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.587014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.970000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.970000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.921660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.921660                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.970000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.857627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.857659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.970000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.857627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.857659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87569.150010                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87569.150010                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87293.814433                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87293.814433                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87118.100114                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87118.100114                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87293.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87177.173644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87177.211028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87293.814433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87177.173644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87177.211028                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                72766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     72766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        39624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          39624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       262921                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       262921                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        302545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            302642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       302545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           302642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3073600000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3073600000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7497500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7497500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20275948000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20275948000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7497500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23349548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23357045500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7497500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23349548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23357045500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.587014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.970000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.921660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.970000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.857659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.970000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.857659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77569.150010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77569.150010                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77293.814433                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77293.814433                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77118.024045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77118.024045                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77293.814433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77177.107538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77177.144944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 77293.814433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77177.107538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77177.144944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        605288                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       302646                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             263021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        72766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           229880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             39624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            39624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        263018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       907933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       907933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 907933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24026304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24026304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24026304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            302642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  302642    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              302642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           958980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1586869500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       705742                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       352872                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            126                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          126                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            285371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       172304                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          483229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            67501                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           67501                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           100                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       285269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1058314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1058614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28947840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               28960640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          302761                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   4657024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           655631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.013862                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 655505     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    126      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             655631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          452509000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         529158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
