
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2305368962875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18228500                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 33307565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55106648                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   277.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5050220917                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9227889096                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1164416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1164800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1069376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1069376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76268406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76293558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        70043355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             70043355                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        70043355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76268406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            146336912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18200                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1164672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1069760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1164800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1069376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266254000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18200                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.937384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.071376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.995699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17970     72.31%     72.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4932     19.85%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1165      4.69%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          518      2.08%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          149      0.60%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           63      0.25%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           35      0.14%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           13      0.05%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.807851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.730321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.720447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               87      8.99%      9.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              135     13.95%     23.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              222     22.93%     45.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              207     21.38%     67.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              155     16.01%     83.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               94      9.71%     93.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               46      4.75%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               16      1.65%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                4      0.41%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.267562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.237471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.012692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              363     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               21      2.17%     39.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              546     56.40%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               38      3.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    497763750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               838976250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   90990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27352.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46102.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        70.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     70.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6449                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     437315.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 93241260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 49566495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                67415880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               45220860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1216372560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1031353440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30306720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4569807420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1088186880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         33139860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8224915935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.726046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12925948250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     70673000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2834055000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1807564375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10021220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 84152040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44739255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                62517840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               42031440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1221904320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1025650590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30718080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4520782290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1123238400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         46958880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8203164285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.301329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12937305250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22443750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     97973250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2924837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1790421125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9914494250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13206494                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13206494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1371417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11115505                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1081332                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            194183                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11115505                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2664574                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8450931                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       898697                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6972923                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2402440                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85735                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17386                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6559965                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2573                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7398579                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56458227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13206494                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3745906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21747510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2744980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        14145                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6557392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               316670                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.022002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.671549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12167381     39.85%     39.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  525931      1.72%     41.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  895026      2.93%     44.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1340970      4.39%     48.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  610809      2.00%     50.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1145231      3.75%     54.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  991664      3.25%     57.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  504847      1.65%     59.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12351763     40.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.848987                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5592542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8382386                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13758325                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1427879                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1372490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110073310                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1372490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6657003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6990451                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        235193                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13910473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1368012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102946925                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                709813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   462                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                425268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115684566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255371733                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140369413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19151005                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48294183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67390449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31031                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         33516                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3243799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9496825                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3330340                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           163045                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168926                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89328004                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             218982                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71102055                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           674003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47814916                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69021331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        218873                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.328648                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.596231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13332799     43.67%     43.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2208558      7.23%     50.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2733626      8.95%     59.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2315488      7.58%     67.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2357374      7.72%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2241676      7.34%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2639871      8.65%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1631161      5.34%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1073069      3.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1444774     92.84%     92.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82382      5.29%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4258      0.27%     98.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1982      0.13%     98.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22477      1.44%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             302      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1815274      2.55%      2.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54049533     76.02%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2934      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                77037      0.11%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4947530      6.96%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5204585      7.32%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2610804      3.67%     96.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2393456      3.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           902      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71102055                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.328567                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1556175                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021886                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159882271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119559366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60163589                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15085646                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17802782                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6704951                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63292343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7550613                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          227467                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5756641                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3858                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1612443                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3577                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           36                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1372490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6191735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 9193                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89546986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9496825                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3330340                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             89591                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1642                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        419085                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1304170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1723255                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68048991                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6937961                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3053071                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9339809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6258679                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2401848                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.228580                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67423364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66868540                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49461368                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87852505                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.189921                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563005                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47815079                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1372329                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23274480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.793041                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.417375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10808460     46.44%     46.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3017267     12.96%     59.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3403426     14.62%     74.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1864578      8.01%     82.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       966739      4.15%     86.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       763600      3.28%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       325044      1.40%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323899      1.39%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1801467      7.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23274480                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18997308                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41732102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5458083                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3740186                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4361647                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3107658                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39072980                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              377336                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       704895      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33173016     79.49%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1027      0.00%     81.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           50409      0.12%     81.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2344672      5.62%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2988742      7.16%     94.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1717897      4.12%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       751444      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41732102                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1801467                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111020194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186488706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1066                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18997308                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41732102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.607317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.607317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.622155                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.622155                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87213204                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51406120                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10605108                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6314218                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36130923                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17938586                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22147464                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             510591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.674576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33543721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33543721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6636666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6636666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1707491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1707491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8344157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8344157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8344157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8344157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        26030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10570                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        36600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         36600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        36600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        36600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1883437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1883437500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    990933500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    990933500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2874371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2874371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2874371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2874371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6662696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6662696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1718061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1718061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8380757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8380757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8380757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8380757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006152                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72356.415674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72356.415674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93749.621570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93749.621570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78534.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78534.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78534.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78534.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           46                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17422                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    891842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    891842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    937008500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    937008500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1828850500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828850500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1828850500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1828850500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005846                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005846                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83638.938385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83638.938385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93290.372362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93290.372362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88320.398899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88320.398899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88320.398899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88320.398899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1083                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.719370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             938652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           866.714681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.719370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26230666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26230666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6556251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6556251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6556251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6556251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6556251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6556251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6557392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6557392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6557392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6557392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6557392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6557392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13050.832603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13050.832603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13050.832603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13050.832603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13050.832603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13050.832603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1083                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13523500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13523500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13523500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13523500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13523500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13523500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12316.484517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12316.484517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12316.484517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12316.484517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12316.484517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12316.484517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18208                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.404444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        16.609053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.986503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    366584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   366584                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17422                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1083                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                95                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    95                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2404                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2499                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9937                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    920722500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     920722500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       538500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       538500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    850039500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    850039500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       538500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1770762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1771300500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       538500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1770762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1771300500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17422                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1083                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1083                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1083                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.857143                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.990530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.774505                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.005540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.879235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.835783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.879235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.835783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92655.982691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92655.982691                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102947.741310                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102947.741310                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97326.701110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97324.203297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97326.701110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97324.203297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9937                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       243000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       243000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    821352500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821352500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       478500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       478500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    767469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767469500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       478500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1588822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589300500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       478500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1588822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589300500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.774505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.835783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.835783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82655.982691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82655.982691                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92947.741310                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92947.741310                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87326.701110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87324.203297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87326.701110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87324.203297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36412                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18213                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1491                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               12                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9937                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2234176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2234176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2234176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18212    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           107693000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           98772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        43581                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21779                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           48                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11759                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34131                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             14                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10032                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1098                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 65371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       138624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2439360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2577984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18223                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1070336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  39954     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     58      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           40295500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
