
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10565002134500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               85949464                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                160613946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              211321333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    72.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6209592649                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11603881864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9975488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9998592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9929408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9929408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155147                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1513295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653387250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654900546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1513295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1513295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650369044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650369044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650369044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1513295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653387250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305269590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156229                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155147                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155147                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9998656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9929536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9998656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9929408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267292000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156229                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155147                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.834499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   559.316521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.672047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2106      7.67%      7.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2790     10.16%     17.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1752      6.38%     24.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1324      4.82%     29.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1593      5.80%     34.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1027      3.74%     38.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1601      5.83%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1674      6.10%     50.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13589     49.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.579461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            93      0.96%      1.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9405     97.07%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           102      1.05%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            20      0.21%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.012901                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.011588                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.221982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9651     99.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               11      0.11%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2886013250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5815307000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18472.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37222.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142686                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141237                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49031.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98739060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52484850                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560775600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406267380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756007200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1522671780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63740160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2089226700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       330268800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1564952580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7445167890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.653113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11762369625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44095000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6320381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    860073750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140485500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4581914375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97282500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51706875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554692320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403610400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1526743860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62803680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2077153530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       313856160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1580559120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7420293165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.023837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11698363625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44034750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6382782375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    817295000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4555282250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1336292                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1336292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7348                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327339                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327339                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287061                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40278                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5206                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351762                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319938                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2695                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53673                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          399                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             76417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5837556                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1336292                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30416524                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1854                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53381                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2152                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30502849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28800809     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40388      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42623      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225092      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27849      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9140      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9756      0.03%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25459      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321733      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30502849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043763                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191178                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  429278                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28590118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               833071                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7779                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11698658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7779                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 278719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15046                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1196788                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28297517                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11661570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28003485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14840889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24677908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13406701                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311078                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14548314                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  292575                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5066139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363325                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20588                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17594                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11593497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                956                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11525500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2373                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         191300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       276373                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           829                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30502849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27378550     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             469542      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             569607      1.87%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347569      1.14%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             339585      1.11%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1087964      3.57%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119606      0.39%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165167      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25259      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30502849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73248     94.23%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  458      0.59%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   802      1.03%     95.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  213      0.27%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2754      3.54%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             255      0.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4751      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9759778     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 123      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  335      0.00%     84.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84114      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308214      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279977     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46627      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41581      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11525500                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377456                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77730                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53250111                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11575171                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11311562                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             383841                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210797                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188034                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11404885                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193594                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2647                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26380                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14745                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          640                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7779                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57976                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               178756                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11594453                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363325                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               408                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   392                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               178206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2022                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7488                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11508250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351592                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17250                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671486                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306293                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319894                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376891                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11503411                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11499596                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8396574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11801312                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711495                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         191634                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30471859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27443657     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       338158      1.11%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322740      1.06%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1168068      3.83%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63420      0.21%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       752345      2.47%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72789      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22284      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       288398      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30471859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5636781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11403153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1651077                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298665                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11305410                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2369      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9667307     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82035      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292624      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1273130     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44321      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11403153                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               288398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41778248                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23221148                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5636781                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11403153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.417044                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.417044                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13157535                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8726638                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290042                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145771                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6514603                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5785566                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291928                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.633546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6803731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6803731                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    385178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    385178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13937024999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13937024999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14322202999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14322202999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14322202999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14322202999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117508                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95293.913904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95293.913904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90251.092757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90251.092757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90379.719431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90379.719431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90379.719431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90379.719431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16441                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.353261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    93.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154866                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781666499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13781666499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13942408499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13942408499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13942408499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13942408499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105751.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105751.315789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89251.983311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89251.983311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89412.815113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89412.815113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89412.815113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89412.815113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.998814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              27807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            41.073855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.998814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           214207                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          214207                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63644.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63644.047619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63644.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63644.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63644.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63644.047619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              677                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43540500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63748.901903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63748.901903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63748.901903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63748.901903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63748.901903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63748.901903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156828                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.473901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.748675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.777425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662332                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              676                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            316                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                316                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                40                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154388                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              361                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               361                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156229                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549753500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549753500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     39173500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    157971000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    157971000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13707724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13746898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13707724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13746898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          676                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154407                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          677                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            677                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1520                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.533235                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.533235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.533235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87764.291914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87764.291914                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108513.850416                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108513.850416                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106737.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106737.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108513.850416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87944.443375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87991.973321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108513.850416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87944.443375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87991.973321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154388                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154388                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          361                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12005873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12005873500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35563500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35563500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    143171000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143171000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35563500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12149044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12184608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35563500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12149044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12184608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77764.291914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77764.291914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98513.850416                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98513.850416                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96737.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96737.162162                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98513.850416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77944.443375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77991.973321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98513.850416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77944.443375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77991.973321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1187                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19928064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19928064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19928064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156229    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933759500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821619750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313220                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156604                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          118                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            568                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          568                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154407                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        86656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19890752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19977408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156834                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9929792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046731                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312758     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    686      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313444                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1024500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233893500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
