
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10870349017000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              120647271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                225786749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              291446049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    52.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6320081592                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11827792771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10034496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10055424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9955136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9955136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1370769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657252232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658623001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652054209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652054209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652054209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1370769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657252232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310677210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157116                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10055488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9955008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10055424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9955136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157116                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.013078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.110088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.899835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1975      7.21%      7.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2470      9.02%     16.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1763      6.44%     22.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1690      6.17%     28.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1489      5.44%     34.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1457      5.32%     39.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1268      4.63%     44.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1495      5.46%     49.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13767     50.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.170646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.118314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.635840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            94      0.97%      1.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9402     96.77%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           125      1.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            34      0.35%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.195184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9690     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                8      0.08%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2900636500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5846580250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18461.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.03                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37211.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143494                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141796                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48829.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98010780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52090170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562517760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406220400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1512356490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62550720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079305850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       316148160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1584619740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7423130790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.209699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11787830875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42006500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6404553375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    823277500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3119990750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97439580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51797955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559290480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405761040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1504830780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63613440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2075973060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       315567840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1588376520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407594375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.192075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11796488000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42685500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6427250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    821821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107298625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4552587000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1243536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1243536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5907                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236176                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3526                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               741                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236176                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1203494                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32682                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4158                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231044                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          678                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2639                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46877                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          200                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69421                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5456288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1243536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  80                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          655                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.360972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28903291     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39196      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42168      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224035      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26632      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8181      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8764      0.03%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24533      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1230616      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178691                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  387571                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28732505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   627180                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754036                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10955264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658111                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233089                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1109680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28487209                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10925703                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28199674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13935939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23086387                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12549817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304234                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13698051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  237888                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4712965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15175                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10871140                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10815536                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1772                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         155142                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       226498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           609                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27560963     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             475700      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517379      1.70%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348310      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             302855      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             986713      3.23%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117685      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173435      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24376      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72382     94.30%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  397      0.52%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   803      1.05%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  203      0.26%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2788      3.63%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             185      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4090      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9146684     84.57%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  268      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83377      0.77%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302392      2.80%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194215     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46297      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38128      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10815536                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354205                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76758                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007097                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51842601                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10822822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10610921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             374417                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204370                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183645                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10699359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 188845                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2003                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          461                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53603                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               147328                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10871859                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               316                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   394                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               146786                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1653                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10801477                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1576905                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219614                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231008                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353744                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10797479                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10794566                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7880133                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11000280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         155394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5985                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351568                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27626333     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343681      1.13%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324000      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1075589      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71997      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650465      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72224      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22092      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296246      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5293180                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10716717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560333                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333855                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1213556                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10619724                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2240      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9072427     84.66%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81431      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289658      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1188794     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44197      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37684      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10716717                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41058492                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21769444                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27273                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5293180                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10716717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.768685                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.768685                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12348168                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8197851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285028                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  144815                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6085052                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5444340                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4022708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.993159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6435302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6435302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1070958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1070958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155550                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155550                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    340102500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340102500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14040359998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14040359998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14380462498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14380462498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14380462498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14380462498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126823                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126823                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95534.410112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95534.410112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90262.680797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90262.680797                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90380.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90380.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90380.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90380.632883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14583                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.885350                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155899                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13884324999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13884324999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023377999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023377999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023377999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023377999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106963.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106963.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89264.153727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89264.153727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.859330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.859330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.859330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.859330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              601                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.603993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           187665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          187665                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47455500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47455500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47455500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47455500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47455500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47455500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65365.702479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65365.702479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65365.702479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65365.702479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65365.702479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65365.702479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              601                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          125                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39504500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39504500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39504500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39504500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39504500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39504500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65731.281198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65731.281198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65731.281198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65731.281198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65731.281198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65731.281198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157640                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.928401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.685694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.385904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9550                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2676488                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2676488                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155899                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155899                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          600                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              600                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            274                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                274                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155525                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13650811500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13650811500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35709500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35709500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136659500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136659500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35709500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13823180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35709500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13823180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155899                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155899                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          600                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          600                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155542                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            601                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1300                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1300                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.544093                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972308                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.544093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.544093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87772.457804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87772.457804                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109203.363914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109203.363914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108116.693038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108116.693038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109203.363914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87936.468757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87980.730798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109203.363914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87936.468757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87980.730798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155525                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1264                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12095561500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12095561500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12219581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12252020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12219581000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12252020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77772.457804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77772.457804                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.363914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99203.363914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98116.693038                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98116.693038                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.363914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77936.468757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77980.730798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.363914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77936.468757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77980.730798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314092                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1427                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20010560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20010560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20010560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157116    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157116                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826358500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314886                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157443                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          102                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            763                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          763                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1300                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20015424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20092352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157640                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9955136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002745                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052324                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314218     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    865      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313943000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            901500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235263499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
