
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4290123699125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              119874876                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                222291264                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324924992                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5632593254                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10444861884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12406720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12406784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                565                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812631188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812635380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2368454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2368454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2368454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812631188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815003834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        565                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      565                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12400960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12406784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     91                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267390500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  565                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.313378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.402583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.857644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42861     43.88%     43.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44148     45.19%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9217      9.44%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1287      1.32%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5476.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5362.595463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1149.981925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4     11.43%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      8.57%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      5.71%     25.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            3      8.57%     34.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            4     11.43%     45.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      8.57%     54.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.86%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            2      5.71%     62.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.86%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4     11.43%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            4     11.43%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.86%     91.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.86%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      5.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               35    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4764712250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8397806000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24590.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43340.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96155                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     486                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78527.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343762440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182714070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               680956080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 255780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1603987980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24536160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5200284990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       108210240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9350016780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.419338                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11686471000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9482750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    281990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3061495000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11404516375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353701320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187996710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               702526020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2667420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1649050470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24454080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5181500070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        86163840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9393368970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.258875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11587785500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    224526500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3160099500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11363496125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1639081                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1639081                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75980                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1292149                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  59426                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1292149                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            678639                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          613510                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25859                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     793054                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      66469                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       149897                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1306846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5852                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1342691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4943500                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1639081                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            738065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28969412                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 155892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      7919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55908                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1300994                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9183                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     15                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30455263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.327237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.444439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28574377     93.82%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22731      0.07%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  621771      2.04%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35844      0.12%     96.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  133006      0.44%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   90181      0.30%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   89739      0.29%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29981      0.10%     97.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  857633      2.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30455263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053679                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161898                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  687488                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28453185                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   921882                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               314762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 77946                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8135670                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 77946                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  788258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27050117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16894                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1058306                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1463742                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7773466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               120409                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1016664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                406272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9283474                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21426253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10351495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48437                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3183670                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6099805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               295                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           373                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1993443                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1360909                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              95439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4922                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7337806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5321647                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4692968                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9266647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5372                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30455263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.174737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.774709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28337398     93.05%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             814765      2.68%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             440048      1.44%     97.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             300785      0.99%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311178      1.02%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             105678      0.35%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              89308      0.29%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33343      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22760      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30455263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14243     66.57%     66.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1405      6.57%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5255     24.56%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  313      1.46%     99.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              168      0.79%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20864      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4364583     82.02%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1293      0.02%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12797      0.24%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18144      0.34%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              829085     15.58%     98.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71270      1.34%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3577      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            34      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5321647                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.174282                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21395                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004020                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41082255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11994911                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5081849                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              45299                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41244                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19885                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5298837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23341                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5836                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       877118                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          201                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        57983                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1167                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 77946                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24674039                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               290770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7343179                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1360909                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               95439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1972                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20001                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                92636                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40315                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        46681                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               86996                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5214642                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               792674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           107005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      859130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  613820                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     66456                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.170778                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5123318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5101734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3760776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6003195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.167080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4693855                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            77941                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29780610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.561384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28660630     96.24%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       508187      1.71%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125133      0.42%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       326003      1.09%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62643      0.21%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33921      0.11%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6910      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5352      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51831      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29780610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1327799                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2650211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        521247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       483791                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    460938                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15002                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2635037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6629                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4519      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2100431     79.26%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            265      0.01%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10921      0.41%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12828      0.48%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         481617     18.17%     98.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         37456      1.41%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2174      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2650211                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51831                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37072845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15364729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            592                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          79425                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1327799                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2650211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.996469                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.996469                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5405314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4431156                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35251                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17567                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3213341                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1443841                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2679754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           240108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             388607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           240108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.618468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3516948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3516948                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       350021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         350021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        36429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         36429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       386450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          386450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       386450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         386450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       431733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       431733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1027                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1027                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       432760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        432760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       432760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       432760                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34941783500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34941783500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47434499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47434499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34989217999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34989217999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34989217999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34989217999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       781754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       781754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        37456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        37456                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       819210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       819210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       819210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       819210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.552262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.552262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.528265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.528265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.528265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.528265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80933.779674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80933.779674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46187.438169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46187.438169                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80851.321746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80851.321746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80851.321746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80851.321746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        23917                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              825                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.990303                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            9                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       192643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       192652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       192652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       192652                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1018                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       240108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       240108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19227920500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19227920500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45509999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45509999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19273430499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273430499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19273430499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273430499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027179                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.293097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80421.266050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80421.266050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44705.303536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44705.303536                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80269.838985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80269.838985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80269.838985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80269.838985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 64                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   64                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5203977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5203977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1300993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1300993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1300993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1300993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1300993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1300993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1300994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1300994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1300994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1300994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1300994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1300994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193868                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      285921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193868                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.474823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.705475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.095741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.198785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4033444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4033444                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2333                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2333                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         45592                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             45592                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                46254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    46254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               46254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   46254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 356                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193498                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36739500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      36739500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       101000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18363115500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18363115500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18399855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18399956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18399855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18399956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2333                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2333                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1018                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        239090                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           240108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               240109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          240108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              240109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.349705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809310                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.809310                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.807362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.807362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.807362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.807362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103200.842697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103200.842697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94900.802592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94900.802592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.045065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.076449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94916.045065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94916.076449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       565                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33179500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33179500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16428125500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16428125500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16461305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16461396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16461305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16461396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.809310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.807362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.807362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93200.842697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93200.842697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84900.750912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84900.750912                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84915.993480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.024864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84915.993480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84916.024864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387700                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193853                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193500                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12442944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12442944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12442944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193856    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       480218                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       240108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             27                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           24                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            239091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       239090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       720324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                720327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15516224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15516352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193868                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036313                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433413     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    561      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          242443000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         360162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
