
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2396973027625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               20430467                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 37496030                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60420818                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   252.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5162441801                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9474628136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1114816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1114944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       967680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          967680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15120                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73019642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73028026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        63382340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             63382340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        63382340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73019642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            136410366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17421                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15120                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17421                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15120                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1114944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  968064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1114944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               967680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265989500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17421                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15120                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   15936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.736223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.941095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.049239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16804     72.40%     72.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4627     19.94%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1079      4.65%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          445      1.92%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          150      0.65%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           53      0.23%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           27      0.12%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           11      0.05%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            9      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.823663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.714965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.089040                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                2      0.23%      0.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                2      0.23%      0.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               36      4.10%      4.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               71      8.08%     12.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              132     15.02%     27.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              154     17.52%     45.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              169     19.23%     64.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              137     15.59%     79.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               91     10.35%     90.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               46      5.23%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               22      2.50%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               11      1.25%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                2      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                2      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                2      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.208191                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.176956                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.032998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              356     40.50%     40.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.73%     43.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              459     52.22%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               40      4.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    509101000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               835744750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   87105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29223.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47973.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     63.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3375                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     469130.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 84180600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 44731665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                62617800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               39865140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1218831120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            987004590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31623360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4424237970                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1206305280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         69494760                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8169317685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            535.084401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13017387000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24090000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     515892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    175866500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3141446750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1707560500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9702488375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81553080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43346490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                61768140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39092580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1223748240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            957332670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32132640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4392223920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1254052800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         76770720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8162116620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            534.612736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13082597500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     26501500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     518044000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    186212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3265629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1638436500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9632520125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13276338                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13276338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1411358                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11182022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1048422                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            189979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11182022                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2606758                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8575264                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       943710                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6932016                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2233862                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85908                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18392                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6532092                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2828                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7379466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56518659                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13276338                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3655180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21724241                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2825006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        16244                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6529264                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               325592                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.044946                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12099046     39.63%     39.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  527794      1.73%     41.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  871330      2.85%     44.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1334836      4.37%     48.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  592112      1.94%     50.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1170001      3.83%     54.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1001978      3.28%     57.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  489968      1.60%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12446386     40.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434795                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.850966                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5566268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8364213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13769553                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1420914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1412503                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110404740                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1412503                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6645582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7068135                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        254737                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13888104                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1264390                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103068884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                660825                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                369556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115858343                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254644686                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139036879                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20499365                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             46783708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                69074730                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             33258                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         35572                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3133659                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9468308                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3132567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           146332                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          152550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89054173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             206990                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70412877                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           684357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48965834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70476570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        206882                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.306090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.600575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13554443     44.39%     44.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2191637      7.18%     51.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2654651      8.69%     60.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2269626      7.43%     67.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2318589      7.59%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2227393      7.29%     82.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2619444      8.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1606269      5.26%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1091399      3.57%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1401576     92.28%     92.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84079      5.54%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4668      0.31%     98.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2296      0.15%     98.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            25886      1.70%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             284      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1953208      2.77%      2.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53150441     75.48%     78.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2604      0.00%     78.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                69564      0.10%     78.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5225478      7.42%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4998402      7.10%     92.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2437197      3.46%     96.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2575117      3.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           866      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70412877                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.305996                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1518789                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021570                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         157518105                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118973386                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     58941640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16044252                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19253838                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7071322                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              61951954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8026504                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          193832                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5905811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3289                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1547062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3250                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1412503                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6293133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 7986                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89261163                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9468308                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3132567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86492                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  811                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        419561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1352974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1772535                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67246871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6893614                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3166012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9126790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6126314                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2233176                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.202311                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66592977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66012962                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48780470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86443763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.161901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564303                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48965894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1412356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23092210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.744978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.386967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10934320     47.35%     47.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2977284     12.89%     60.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3359625     14.55%     74.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1807337      7.83%     82.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       937324      4.06%     86.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       735484      3.18%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       326847      1.42%     91.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322854      1.40%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1691135      7.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23092210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18320660                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40295401                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5148006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3562501                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4202363                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3075484                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 37627408                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              355841                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       715722      1.78%      1.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32059538     79.56%     81.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1420      0.00%     81.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45151      0.11%     81.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2325564      5.77%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2822967      7.01%     94.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1585505      3.93%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       739534      1.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40295401                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1691135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110662370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186110211                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            132                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18320660                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40295401                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.666681                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.666681                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.599995                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.599995                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85216910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50394372                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11120511                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6706415                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35205528                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17622048                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21591347                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             465971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19717                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.632956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32985125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32985125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6627868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6627868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1576302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1576302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8204170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8204170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8204170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8204170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        27739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2119955500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2119955500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    890782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    890782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3010737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3010737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3010737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3010737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6655607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6655607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1585745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1585745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8241352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8241352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8241352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8241352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005955                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76425.087422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76425.087422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94332.521444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94332.521444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80972.984240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80972.984240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80972.984240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80972.984240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            15609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          458                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    938095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    938095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    844915000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844915000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1783010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1783010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1783010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1783010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87272.769560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87272.769560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94036.171397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94036.171397                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90352.184048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90352.184048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90352.184048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90352.184048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.415705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             176771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           139.629542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.415705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26118338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26118338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6527948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6527948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6527948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6527948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6527948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6527948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6529264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6529264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6529264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6529264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6529264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6529264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12818.389058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12818.389058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12818.389058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12818.389058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12818.389058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12818.389058                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1266                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12020.280811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12020.280811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12020.280811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12020.280811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12020.280811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12020.280811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17425                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17425                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.078623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.131580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        17.665329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16354.203091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    353049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   353049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        15609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            15609                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1266                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1266                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1264                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2238                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8908                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17421                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    830295000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     830295000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    898023000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    898023000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1728318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1728491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1728318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1728491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        15609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15609                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1266                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1266                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8968                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1266                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1266                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                20983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               20983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.791795                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.830244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.830244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93207.790750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93207.790750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105513.218188                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105513.218188                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99220.276709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99218.816371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99220.276709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99218.816371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15120                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15120                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8908                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8511                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       340500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       340500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    741215000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    741215000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    812913000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812913000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1554128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1554128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1554281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.791795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.830244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.830244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20029.411765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20029.411765                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83207.790750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83207.790750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95513.218188                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95513.218188                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89220.276709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89218.816371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89220.276709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89218.816371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         34858                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17440                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2082624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17438    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            99629500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           94499500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        41999                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           63                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12031                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6413                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 62999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       162048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2260864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2422912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    968704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001743                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.041713                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38374     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     67      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38441                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37874500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29584998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
