
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2732854598375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               51304805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 94921693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143205939                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   106.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5469660297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10119705349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10523136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10523456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       115904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          115904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          164424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              164429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         689257798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             689278758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7591628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7591628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7591628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        689257798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            696870386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      164430                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    164430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10507008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   16512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  115968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10523520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               115904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267385500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                164430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  127876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   33939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    114.161381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.744767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.025218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49522     53.22%     53.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        36385     39.10%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6294      6.76%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          695      0.75%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           92      0.10%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1465.785714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1421.543489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    367.855397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.89%      0.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      1.79%      2.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            8      7.14%      9.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           12     10.71%     20.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           16     14.29%     34.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           13     11.61%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           19     16.96%     63.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            9      8.04%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           11      9.82%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           11      9.82%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      2.68%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.79%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.79%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.89%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.178571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.169650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.556927                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              101     90.18%     90.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.79%     91.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      8.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4197709500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7275934500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  820860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25568.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44318.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       688.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    689.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    71418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 43.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      91838.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                324598680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                172535880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               571856880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3784500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1449512280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24811200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5308427670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       146952000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9207788130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            603.103464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12023783250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9780500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    382864250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2723075000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11641764375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                339814020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                180623025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               600331200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5674140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1515922410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24805920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5259070230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       132597120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9264147105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            606.794936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11879142500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    345481000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2868441625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11533661500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2564941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2564941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           148542                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2133155                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 140003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             19199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2133155                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1000111                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1133044                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        72783                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1382979                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     232073                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       231592                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3701                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1922954                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8681                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1999306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       8481026                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2564941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1140114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28269082                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 302682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1972                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68653                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           20                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1914273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                29578                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30492135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.561575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.876143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27406645     89.88%     89.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   78255      0.26%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  784113      2.57%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  105437      0.35%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  221209      0.73%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  160994      0.53%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  169811      0.56%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   73207      0.24%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1492464      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30492135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.084001                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.277751                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1176306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26949113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1753716                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               461659                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                151341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              14747425                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                151341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1357713                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25423197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         37832                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1938913                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1583139                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14057393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                94330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1290859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                172772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  7040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           16694635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             37762202                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        19562961                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           165502                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6578897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10115710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               579                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           779                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2606969                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2144417                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             328944                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            14894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           13626                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12966029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17132                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9962536                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            23003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7564645                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13651171                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         17129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30492135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.326725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.099044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26939608     88.35%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1200125      3.94%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             702831      2.30%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             506552      1.66%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             494961      1.62%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             268224      0.88%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             209894      0.69%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             102755      0.34%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              67185      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30492135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47760     75.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5164      8.11%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  8973     14.09%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1050      1.65%     98.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              711      1.12%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              23      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            56150      0.56%      0.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8066656     80.97%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5447      0.05%     81.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                51157      0.51%     82.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              63491      0.64%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1456933     14.62%     97.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             248905      2.50%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          13736      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            61      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9962536                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.326269                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      63681                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006392                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          50342646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         20413467                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9408119                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             161245                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            134346                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        70845                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9886879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  83188                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           21621                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1304869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          725                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       180706                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          187                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                151341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22568048                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               296799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12983161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             9739                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2144417                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              328944                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6095                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 27004                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                50596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         65554                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              179284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9693841                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1381781                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           268695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1613807                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1121878                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    232026                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.317470                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       9538619                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      9478964                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6961989                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11601428                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.310433                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.600098                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7565428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           151336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29379388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.184431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.863431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27355254     93.11%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       817290      2.78%     95.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       263944      0.90%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       545035      1.86%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       108771      0.37%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78407      0.27%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        27810      0.09%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        18810      0.06%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       164067      0.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29379388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2721387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5418468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        987783                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       839557                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    823306                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     59944                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5357855                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               26167                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        18301      0.34%      0.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4315261     79.64%     79.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1047      0.02%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           44948      0.83%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         51128      0.94%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         830741     15.33%     97.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        148226      2.74%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8816      0.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5418468                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               164067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42199217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   27087596                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          42553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2721387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5418468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             11.220267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       11.220267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.089124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.089124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11287870                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8175448                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   123963                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   62004                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5854951                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2859789                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4609073                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           338130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             860394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           338130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.544566                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6319198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6319198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       747310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         747310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       146534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        146534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       893844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          893844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       893844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         893844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       599731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       599731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1692                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       601423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        601423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       601423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       601423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33153917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33153917500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    150963000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33304880500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33304880500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33304880500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33304880500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1347041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1347041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       148226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       148226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1495267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1495267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1495267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1495267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.445221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.445221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.402218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.402218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.402218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55281.313622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55281.313622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89221.631206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89221.631206                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55376.798859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55376.798859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55376.798859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55376.798859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        34276                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.576271                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       263272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       263272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       263293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       263293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       263293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       263293                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       336459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       336459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       338130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       338130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       338130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       338130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17991132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17991132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147409500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18138541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18138541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18138541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18138541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.249776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011273                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011273                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.226134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53471.989158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53471.989158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88216.337522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88216.337522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53643.691775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53643.691775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53643.691775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53643.691775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.600000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7657097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7657097                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1914268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1914268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1914268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1914268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1914268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1914268                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       508500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       508500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       508500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       508500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       508500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       508500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1914273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1914273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1914273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1914273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1914273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1914273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       101700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       101700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       503500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       503500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       503500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       503500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       503500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    164504                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      509626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    164504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.097955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.498221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.397135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.104644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5574392                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5574392                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4586                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        173452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            173452                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               173705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   173705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              173705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  173705                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       163007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          163007                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             164425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 164430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            164425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                164430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    142158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     142158500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       496000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15608817500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15608817500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15750976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15751472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15750976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15751472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4586                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       336459                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        336459                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           338130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               338135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          338130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              338135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.848594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.848594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.484478                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.486277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.486285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.486277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.486285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100252.820874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100252.820874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99200                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95755.504365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95755.504365                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95794.289190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95794.392751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95794.289190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95794.392751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           69                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            69                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       163007                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       163007                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        164425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            164430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       164425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           164430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127978500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127978500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       446000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       446000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13978747500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13978747500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14106726000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14107172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14106726000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14107172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.848594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.848594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.484478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.486285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.486285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90252.820874                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90252.820874                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89200                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89200                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85755.504365                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85755.504365                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85794.289190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85794.392751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85794.289190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85794.392751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        328858                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       164431                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             163012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           162617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        163012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       493288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       493288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 493288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10639424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10639424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10639424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            164430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  164430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              164430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           390346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          894402000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       676270                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       338135                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          111                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            145                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           18                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            336464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6397                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          496237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       336459                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1014390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1014405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21933824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          164504                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    115904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           502639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.024828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 502383     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    238      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     18      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             502639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          342726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         507195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
