
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10946685737625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76921066                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                144041151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184432322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    82.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6367539763                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11923753827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       23190528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           23192512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18075648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18075648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          362352                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              362383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        282432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             282432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            129951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1518962814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1519092765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       129951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           129951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1183941873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1183941873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1183941873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           129951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1518962814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2703034638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      362379                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     282432                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    362379                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   282432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               23187776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                18074880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                23192256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18075648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             22357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             22642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             22684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             22495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             22042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             21940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             23349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             22834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             22288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             22793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            22850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            22332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            22711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            23117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            22730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            23145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             17509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             17559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             17695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             17525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             17114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             17079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             18178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             17851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             17276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             17781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            17866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            17356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            17680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            18017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            17769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            18165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267323000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                362379                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               282432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  135934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  104488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   80307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   41574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   4625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  17837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  18414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  18892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  19078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  19128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  19209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  19203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  19203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  19108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  20315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  24308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  18981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  17920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       378288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    109.077867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    83.500222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   125.393079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       301019     79.57%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39880     10.54%     90.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16508      4.36%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9854      2.60%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4973      1.31%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3035      0.80%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1336      0.35%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          595      0.16%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1088      0.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       378288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.538152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.192949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      7.592961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31          17475     99.06%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63           160      0.91%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         17640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.150054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            17536     99.40%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               58      0.33%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               27      0.15%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         17641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  13907224500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             20700518250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1811545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     38385.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.06                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                57135.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1518.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1183.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1519.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1183.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        21.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    11.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    9.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   242543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   23905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 66.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 8.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      23677.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    41.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1341927300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                713262660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1287649020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              733472640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1145074320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3740664900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             42737280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2670747540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        83731200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        219528240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            11978795100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            784.602417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           6952976000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     15857750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     484482000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    877886250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    217969500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    7813991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5857157625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1359006180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                722359275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1299237240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              740780640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1140157200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3721638870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             40973280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2660643720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        85565760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        235367880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            12005731005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            786.366699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           6941562750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14328250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     482402000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    941583375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    222821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    7771147000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5835062500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2298436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2298436                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            35899                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1899767                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  87093                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1899767                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            734326                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1165441                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3671                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3603627                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1508553                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       114542                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1169185                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            5                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1195686                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      10108623                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2298436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            821419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29299430                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  71944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1169185                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30531130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.635225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.012086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27359590     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  186958      0.61%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  146791      0.48%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  252372      0.83%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  258503      0.85%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  277659      0.91%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  273729      0.90%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  112427      0.37%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1663101      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30531130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.075273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.331054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  760919                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27178671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1763669                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               791899                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 35972                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              18518135                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 35972                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1066170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20752688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         28396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2164637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              6483267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              18318570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               395691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2038325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               4967110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 27703                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           20922879                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             48286472                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        27343262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               18                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             18901701                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2021164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               150                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4385136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2796688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1582655                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           363483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          127122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  18048760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                781                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18515439                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16704                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1476198                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2186795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           637                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30531130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.606445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.544668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24866909     81.45%     81.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1491003      4.88%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1005655      3.29%     89.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             858980      2.81%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             766451      2.51%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             581735      1.91%     96.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             440702      1.44%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             340065      1.11%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             179630      0.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30531130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 177890     46.68%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     46.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                139357     36.57%     83.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                63835     16.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            32480      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             13327779     71.98%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   1      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     72.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3630854     19.61%     91.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1524325      8.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              18515439                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.606374                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     381082                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.020582                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          67959794                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         19525823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     17430398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              18864041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          431261                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245091                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          245                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       198795                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1066544                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35972                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10492746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3468272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           18049541                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2796688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1582655                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               356                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                115599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3300104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         23295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        19532                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               42827                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18427450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3603586                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            87989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5112117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2039862                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1508531                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.603492                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      17434787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     17430398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 12806945                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 21819440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.570839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.586951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1478343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            144                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            35899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30313161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.893190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27396529     90.38%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       412095      1.36%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       169503      0.56%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       427936      1.41%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        88780      0.29%     94.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        40896      0.13%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        88887      0.29%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        62791      0.21%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1625744      5.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30313161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8491464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              16573320                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3935467                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2551603                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         96                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1983631                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 16552060                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               84465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        21164      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        12616689     76.13%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2551603     15.40%     91.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1383864      8.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         16573320                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1625744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46739080                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   36322447                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             20                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           3558                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8491464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     16573320                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.595927                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.595927                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.278092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.278092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                27623861                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13853396                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11415646                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5928972                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9318377                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           476883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            2047739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           476883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.294007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         14904043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        14904043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1374408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1374408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1381625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1381625                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2756033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2756033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2756033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2756033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       848518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       848518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       850757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        850757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       850757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       850757                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66726727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66726727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    232501280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    232501280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66959228280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  66959228280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  66959228280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  66959228280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2222926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2222926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1383864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1383864                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3606790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3606790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3606790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3606790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.381712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78639.141421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78639.141421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103841.572130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103841.572130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78705.468518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78705.468518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78705.468518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78705.468518                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     13242377                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           275136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    48.130296                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       393631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           393631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       373806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       373806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       373877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       373877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       373877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       373877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       474712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       474712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       476880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       476880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       476880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       476880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41152214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41152214500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    227074288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227074288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41379288788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41379288788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41379288788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41379288788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86688.801842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86688.801842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104739.062731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104739.062731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.862246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86770.862246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86770.862246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86770.862246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               31                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1986441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         64078.741935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4676771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4676771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1169138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1169138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1169138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1169138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1169138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1169138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5333500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5333500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1169185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1169185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1169185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1169185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1169185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1169185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113478.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113478.723404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113478.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113478.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113478.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113478.723404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           31                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               31                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4029500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4029500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      4029500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4029500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 129983.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129983.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 129983.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129983.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 129983.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129983.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    362415                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      595250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    362415                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.642454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.388470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.185316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16377.426213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7992287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7992287                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       393631                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           393631                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               31                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    57                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        114475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            114475                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               114532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   114532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              114532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  114532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               31                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       360237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          360237                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             362348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 362379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            362348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                362379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    222807500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     222807500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3982500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      3982500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39142623000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  39142623000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3982500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39365430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      39369413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3982500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  39365430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     39369413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       393631                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       393631                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           31                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             31                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       474712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        474712                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           476880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               476911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          476880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              476911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.973708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.758854                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.759831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.759846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.759831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.759846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105545.949787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105545.949787                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128467.741935                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128467.741935                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108657.975166                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108657.975166                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128467.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108639.844845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108641.541039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128467.741935                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108639.844845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108641.541039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               282433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    282433                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       360237                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       360237                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        362348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            362379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           362379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    201697500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201697500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3672500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3672500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35540213000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35540213000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3672500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35741910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35745583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3672500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35741910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35745583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.758854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.758854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.759846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.759846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95545.949787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95545.949787                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118467.741935                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118467.741935                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98657.864128                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98657.864128                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118467.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98639.734454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98641.430657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118467.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98639.734454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98641.430657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        724752                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       362373                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             360272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       282432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            79941                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        360268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1087135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1087135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1087135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     41268160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     41268160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41268160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            362379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  362379    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              362379                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1929950500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              12.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1914991750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             12.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       953825                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       476914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          104                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             55                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           55                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            474746                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       676064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           31                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          163234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            31                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       474712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           93                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1430646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1430739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     55712896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               55716864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          362415                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  18075712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           839326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.013762                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 839167     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    159      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             839326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          870574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             46500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         715324500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
