
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8946663657250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              148712643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                277055027                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              378736697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    40.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5994787740                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11168428121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12516608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12516672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         819828773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             819832965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1303698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1303698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1303698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        819828773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            821136662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195573                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        311                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195573                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      311                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12514432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   19456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12516672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195573                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  311                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.725630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.701785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.556762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41783     42.91%     42.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44609     45.81%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9533      9.79%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1299      1.33%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      0.13%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10203.263158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9905.424334                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2454.489737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      5.26%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.26%     10.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2     10.53%     21.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.26%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2     10.53%     36.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.79%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.26%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.26%     63.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.26%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            3     15.79%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4731864750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8398202250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  977690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24199.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42949.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       819.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    819.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77940.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347696580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184808910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               696671220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 866520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1637828880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24438720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5140639620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       130037280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9368296770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.616664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11612832000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    338639750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3135196125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11274192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347518080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184717830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699470100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 720360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1646695230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24672480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5175527610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92957760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9377588490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.225265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11592386375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    242258250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3155020250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11350215625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1074709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1074709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            36443                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              772002                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  22423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3256                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         772002                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            477321                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          294681                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11241                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     547457                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      32069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       136094                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          574                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     942051                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          978                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            959135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3057492                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1074709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            499744                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29515816                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  73518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        42                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9746                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   941073                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4040                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30521721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.200685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.125448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29289540     95.96%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   12062      0.04%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  491575      1.61%     97.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   15167      0.05%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   94109      0.31%     97.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   30567      0.10%     98.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   71179      0.23%     98.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   11971      0.04%     98.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  505551      1.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30521721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.100132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  426137                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29280071                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   517487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               261267                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 36759                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5146698                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 36759                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  497410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28261029                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11712                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   640902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1073909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4971217                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                25864                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                947948                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 71365                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5945643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             13956535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         6433214                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26289                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2614111                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3331531                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1707922                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              906973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              45402                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3352                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4763979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2436                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3535643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2592211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5641580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2436                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30521721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.115840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.601378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28940392     94.82%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             698931      2.29%     97.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             346319      1.13%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             231040      0.76%     99.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             185420      0.61%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              48209      0.16%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              43966      0.14%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              15119      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12325      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30521721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7112     70.95%     70.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  741      7.39%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1918     19.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  152      1.52%     98.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               94      0.94%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             8674      0.25%      0.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2911320     82.34%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 536      0.02%     82.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6826      0.19%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9399      0.27%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              562769     15.92%     98.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34199      0.97%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1891      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            29      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3535643                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.115791                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10024                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37583504                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7335895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3422941                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23561                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22738                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10372                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3524829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12164                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3165                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       496014                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25991                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1495                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 36759                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               27066251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               219082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4766415                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1700                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               906973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               45402                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               897                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9893                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                18578                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         21109                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        19544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               40653                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3490810                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               547300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            44833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      579359                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  458910                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     32059                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.114323                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3441544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3433313                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2425598                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  3995731                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.112440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607047                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2592450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            36756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30163597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.480040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29180406     96.74%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       455942      1.51%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118071      0.39%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       314056      1.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37678      0.12%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        20205      0.07%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3517      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2663      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31059      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30163597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1088983                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2174204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        430370                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       410959                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    396418                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7798                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2166258                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2424      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1728616     79.51%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            137      0.01%     79.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5997      0.28%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6660      0.31%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         409821     18.85%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19411      0.89%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1138      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2174204                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31059                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34899192                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    9892373                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             90                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          12967                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1088983                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2174204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.039637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.039637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3568182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2946913                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18436                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9212                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2470530                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1011546                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1875787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222838                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             175563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.787850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2464346                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2464346                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       157666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         157666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18607                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       176273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          176273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       176273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         176273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       383300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33123505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33123505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28197999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28197999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33151703499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33151703499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33151703499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33151703499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       540966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       540966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       560377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       560377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       560377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       560377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.708547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.708547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.685439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.685439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.685439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.685439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86416.659275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86416.659275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35072.138060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35072.138060                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86309.185791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86309.185791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86309.185791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86309.185791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17387                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              889                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.557930                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       161266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       161266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       161266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       161266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       161266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       161266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19116471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19116471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27393999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27393999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19143864999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19143864999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19143864999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19143864999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.410440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86097.043696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86097.043696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34072.138060                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34072.138060                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85909.337721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85909.337721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85909.337721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85909.337721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    7                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3764293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3764293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       941072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         941072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       941072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          941072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       941072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         941072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       941073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       941073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       941073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       941073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       941073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       941073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195574                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      244517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.250253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.053937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.067395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.878668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3758150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3758150                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2097                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2097                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         26655                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             26655                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                27266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    27266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               27266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   27266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 193                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19489500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19489500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18478092500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18478092500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18497582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18497685500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18497582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18497685500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2097                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2097                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        222034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.240050                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.879951                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.877642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.877643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.877642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.877643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100981.865285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100981.865285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94575.632489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94575.632489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94581.954472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94582.000072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94581.954472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94582.000072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195379                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195379                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17559500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17559500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16524302500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16524302500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16541862000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16541955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16541862000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16541955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.877643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.877643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90981.865285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90981.865285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84575.632489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84575.632489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84581.954472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84582.000072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84581.954472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84582.000072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195573                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       586709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       586709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 586709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12536576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12536576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12536576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195573    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1056930250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       445678                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222840                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          601                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            222035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          416004                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       222034                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       668514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                668517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14395840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14395968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195574                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001465                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417800     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    613      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418413                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224937000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         334257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
