
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5648917326250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              136144773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                252842455                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              361803336                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    42.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5745022429                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10669420851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12528384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12528384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         820600092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             820600092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1785772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1785772                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1785772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        820600092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            822385865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195756                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        426                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195756                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12524032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   26624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12528384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195756                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  426                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.103213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.225284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.217896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42327     43.20%     43.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44665     45.59%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9634      9.83%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1201      1.23%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7304.115385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7074.756879                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1838.605566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            2      7.69%     11.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     11.54%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      7.69%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     11.54%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      7.69%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            5     19.23%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               26    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4700539750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8369689750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  978440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24020.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42770.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       820.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    820.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97768                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77822.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                350081340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                186072645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697292400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1351980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1640515860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24087840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5108076660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       155546880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9368334645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.619145                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11606294000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    405420750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141418625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11201044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349431600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185731095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699919920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 819540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642262340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24792960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5130363660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       134603040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9373233195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.939996                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11601608375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10344000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    350292750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3145531750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11251315625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1309154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1309154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            50902                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1017698                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5145                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1017698                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            567392                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          450306                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16536                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     636544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      45851                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141926                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          696                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1107700                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1130300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3806794                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1309154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            601879                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29291320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 103958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 768                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27091                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1104566                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5717                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.250847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.261920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29004267     95.09%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16911      0.06%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  557820      1.83%     96.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22114      0.07%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  109042      0.36%     97.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   50582      0.17%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78594      0.26%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18366      0.06%     97.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  645439      2.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042874                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.124671                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  538172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28945715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   683009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               284260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 51979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6345838                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 51979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  619641                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27821851                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8331                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   813512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1187821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6103265                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                56267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                973233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                151430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7293011                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17016065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8001524                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35239                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2871793                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4421218                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1834176                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1094357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              65246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4093                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3752                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5813914                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4236259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3428655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7242919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.672884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28703574     94.10%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             749002      2.46%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             386215      1.27%     97.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             259057      0.85%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             239304      0.78%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              69036      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              59652      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21012      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16283      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9692     68.55%     68.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  989      7.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3022     21.38%     96.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  234      1.66%     98.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              137      0.97%     99.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              64      0.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13334      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3488546     82.35%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 828      0.02%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9438      0.22%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12780      0.30%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              659412     15.57%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              49020      1.16%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2707      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           194      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4236259                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.138736                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14138                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38962859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9215921                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4078205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32910                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30102                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14144                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4220177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16886                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4830                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       651275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37628                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1091                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 51979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26207968                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               246371                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5817362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1094357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               65246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1254                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                44284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         27922                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29719                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               57641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4169337                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               636298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            66922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      682144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  516618                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     45846                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136544                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4104740                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4092349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2957202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4788408                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.134023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.617575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3429054                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            51975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30024193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.517893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28978579     96.52%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       480262      1.60%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121481      0.40%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       320562      1.07%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48143      0.16%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25387      0.08%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5002      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3938      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        40839      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30024193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1196802                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2388707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        470700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       443082                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    424905                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11066                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2377458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3379      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1896740     79.40%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            196      0.01%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8224      0.34%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9468      0.40%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         441484     18.48%     98.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27618      1.16%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1598      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2388707                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                40839                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35801115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12115710                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            239                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1196802                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2388707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.513567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.513567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039195                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039195                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4251869                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3536413                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24943                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12413                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2756273                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1170867                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2194092                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231990                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             248244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231990                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.070063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2854502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2854502                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       222232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         222232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26676                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       248908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          248908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       248908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         248908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       405778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       405778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       406720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        406720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       406720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       406720                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33895161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33895161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37519500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37519500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33932680500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33932680500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33932680500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33932680500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       628010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       628010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       655628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       655628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       655628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       655628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.646133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034108                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.620352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.620352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.620352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83531.292973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83531.292973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39829.617834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39829.617834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83430.075974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83430.075974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83430.075974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83430.075974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.042581                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19193319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19193319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36571500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36571500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19229890500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19229890500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19229890500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19229890500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.353844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83070.340058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83070.340058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38864.505845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38864.505845                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82891.031941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82891.031941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82891.031941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82891.031941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4418264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4418264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1104566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1104566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1104566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1104566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1104566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1104566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1104566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195758                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      259944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.327884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.994077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.005923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3905126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3905126                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2340                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         35564                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35564                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             271                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 271                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195485                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27822000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27822000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18446504500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18446504500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18474326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18474326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18474326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18474326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2340                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231049                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.287991                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846076                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.846076                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.843812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.843812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.843812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.843812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102664.206642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102664.206642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94362.761849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94362.761849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94374.254174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94374.254174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94374.254174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94374.254174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            271                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25112000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25112000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16491654500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16491654500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16516766500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16516766500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16516766500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16516766500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.287991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.843812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.843812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92664.206642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92664.206642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84362.761849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84362.761849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84374.254174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84374.254174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84374.254174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84374.254174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391505                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195757                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195485                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12555648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12555648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12555648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195756    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1058160500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       463980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231990                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2766                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231049                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       695970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                695970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14997120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14997120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195758                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001370                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 427163     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    584      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427748                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          234330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
