
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5374105132000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              128245269                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                238104467                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              342093259                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5723479904                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10626406951                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12488384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12488384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        29760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           29760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         817980121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             817980121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1949258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1949258                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1949258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        817980121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            819929380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195131                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        465                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195131                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      465                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12484288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   29696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12488384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                29760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267349000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195131                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  465                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.342643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.269924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.029730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42184     43.27%     43.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44318     45.45%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9515      9.76%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1338      1.37%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      0.11%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6729.379310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6525.844371                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1815.356152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     13.79%     13.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            7     24.14%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      3.45%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            7     24.14%     65.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      3.45%     68.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     10.34%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.45%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.45%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.45%     93.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      3.45%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4738480500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8395986750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  975335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24291.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43041.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       817.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    817.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97621                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     408                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78055.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344940540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183336450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689209920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 673380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619819730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24634080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5182425180                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109819680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9360168000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.084235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11651697000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    286197000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095894625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11365500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351223740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186676050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               703568460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1748700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645039380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24504480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5172961470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        96681120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9387712440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.888376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11596167875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    251754000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151585500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11344658125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1467653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1467653                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            64397                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1148440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  48040                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8188                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1148440                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            616646                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          531794                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20693                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     717967                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      57154                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       146714                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1216941                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1244614                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4347820                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1467653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            664686                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29112039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 133508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2713                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1674                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55979                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1210242                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.287124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.352631                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28801724     94.48%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   19974      0.07%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  593496      1.95%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27354      0.09%     96.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  121562      0.40%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   62346      0.20%     97.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84009      0.28%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24887      0.08%     97.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  748421      2.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.048065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.142390                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  620549                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28700026                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   799242                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297202                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 66754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7187700                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 66754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  711244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27411221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16099                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   930291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1348164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6889393                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                81688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                998773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                304276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1009                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8191227                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19084061                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9102185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            39666                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2973387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5217787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               220                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           269                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1907725                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1232012                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              82619                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4006                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6533117                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4737724                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5481                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4056501                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8254268                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.155418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.720395                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28530778     93.59%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             782846      2.57%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             413897      1.36%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             282133      0.93%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272787      0.89%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              83741      0.27%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              71660      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              26576      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19355      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10922     69.54%     69.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1221      7.77%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3200     20.38%     97.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  269      1.71%     99.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               76      0.48%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              17      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18924      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3881603     81.93%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1119      0.02%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10215      0.22%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              15276      0.32%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              746862     15.76%     98.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              61273      1.29%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2388      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            64      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4737724                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.155159                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15705                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003315                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39943369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10562029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4540017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              37038                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             31802                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        16433                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4715457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  19048                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       770140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          177                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52641                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           40                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1421                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 66754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25369400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276398                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6537320                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1232012                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               82619                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1536                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76571                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        39063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               74174                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4652585                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               717686                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            85139                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      774827                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  560084                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     57141                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.152370                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4573823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4556450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3320692                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5308978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.149222                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.625486                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4057247                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            66747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29901683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.082964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.533021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28828465     96.41%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       491852      1.64%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121201      0.41%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       322581      1.08%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55090      0.18%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28696      0.10%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5602      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4247      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        43949      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29901683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1241746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2480770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        491840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       461862                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    441540                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11960                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2468715                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3567      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1966357     79.26%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            211      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8571      0.35%     79.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10224      0.41%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         460126     18.55%     98.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         29978      1.21%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1736      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2480770                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                43949                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36395751                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13659730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            431                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50916                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1241746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2480770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.590125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.590125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040667                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040667                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4769844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3944517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    29274                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   14596                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2931290                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1267511                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2430795                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           238679                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             318439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           238679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.334173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3190239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3190239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       287369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         287369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        28995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         28995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       316364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          316364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       316364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         316364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       420543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       420543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34349039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34349039000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39974999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39974999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34389013999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34389013999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34389013999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34389013999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       707912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       707912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       737890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       737890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       737890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       737890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.594061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032791                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.571259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.571259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.571259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81677.828427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81677.828427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40666.326551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40666.326551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81582.189471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81582.189471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81582.189471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81582.189471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              931                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.655209                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       237703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       238679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       238679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       238679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19272353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19272353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38442499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38442499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19310795499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19310795499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19310795499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19310795499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032557                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81077.449590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81077.449590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39387.806352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39387.806352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80906.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80906.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80906.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80906.973378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4840968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4840968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1210242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1210242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1210242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1210242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195137                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      282172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.446020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.948522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.051478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4011721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4011721                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         42857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                43548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    43548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               43548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   43548                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194845                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29406500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29406500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18437399500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18437399500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18466806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18466806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18466806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18466806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       237702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        237702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           238679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               238679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          238679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              238679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.292733                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819703                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.819703                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.817546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.817546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.817546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.817546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102819.930070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102819.930070                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94625.982191                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94625.982191                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94637.991913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94637.991913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94637.991913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94637.991913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       465                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            286                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194845                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194845                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26546500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16488949500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16488949500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16515496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16515496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16515496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16515496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.817546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.817546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92819.930070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92819.930070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84625.982191                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84625.982191                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84637.991913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84637.991913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84637.991913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84637.991913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        390249                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       585380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       585380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 585380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12518144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12518144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12518144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195131    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195131                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           460922000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1054669500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       477358                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       238678                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          563                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           19                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            237702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2756                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       237702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       716037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                716037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15422080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15422080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195137                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     29760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001348                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433233     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    581      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          240970000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         358018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
