
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3084003513250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               94695433                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                175316939                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              262078461                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    58.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5516465873                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10213060780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11775616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11775744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        64256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           64256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1004                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         771294333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             771302717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4208722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4208722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4208722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        771294333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            775511438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1004                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1004                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11766784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   64704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11775744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                64256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    140                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267363500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1004                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    122.034122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.993966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.666011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46264     47.72%     47.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41243     42.54%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8298      8.56%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          992      1.02%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2936.619048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2866.144316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    630.051494                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      3.17%      3.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            8     12.70%     15.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7     11.11%     26.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           12     19.05%     46.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     11.11%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            3      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      3.17%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.047619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.045374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.279895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               61     96.83%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.59%     98.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4588666750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8035966750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  919280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24957.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43707.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       770.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    771.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    87051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     865                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82526.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                336800940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179017740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               638373120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2693520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1547936460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24577440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5240674620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121357440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9296740320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            608.929768                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11809140125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9640500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    316214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2938690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11492939125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                355429200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188892330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               674358720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2583900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1624993050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24076800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5204546310                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        87392160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9366966870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.529557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11639881375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9432500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    227888500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107812250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11412610875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1684820                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1684820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            76617                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1228249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1228249                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            708464                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          519785                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28613                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     872154                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     110690                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       175463                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1571                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1394755                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4935                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1431348                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5204104                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1684820                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            771946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28929836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 156300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43427                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1389820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11808                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.343220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.476772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28505583     93.50%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30714      0.10%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  646940      2.12%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   48156      0.16%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  142154      0.47%     96.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   74313      0.24%     96.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  108578      0.36%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33957      0.11%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  895625      2.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486020                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.170433                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  742179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28321133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1003488                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               341070                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8858374                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  853379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27028773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29635                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1154751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1341332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8503231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                63268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1092423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                172625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10131263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23350303                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11486534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            82937                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4208533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5922731                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           427                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2104023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1421143                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             149284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7107                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6740                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8014569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7062                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6028565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             9868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4533549                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9062574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7062                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.197749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.832707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28127075     92.26%     92.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             894501      2.93%     95.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             492962      1.62%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             342115      1.12%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319405      1.05%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             127164      0.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             103794      0.34%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              46441      0.15%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              32563      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486020                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  22333     76.09%     76.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2533      8.63%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     84.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3769     12.84%     97.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  438      1.49%     99.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              272      0.93%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26180      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4915517     81.54%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2068      0.03%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                24357      0.40%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              31980      0.53%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              904758     15.01%     97.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             117473      1.95%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6218      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6028565                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.197433                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      29351                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42502706                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12489150                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5766398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              79663                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             66044                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35319                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5990713                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  41023                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           12999                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       830536                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          326                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76783                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          141                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1082                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24958773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               264150                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8021631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1421143                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              149284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2592                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                46882                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         40207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        49177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               89384                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5913287                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               871548                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           115278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      982218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  709432                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    110670                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.193658                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5826577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5801717                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4217236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6966238                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.190004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.605382                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4534196                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78141                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29838683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.116898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.668053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28447807     95.34%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       596889      2.00%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       171801      0.58%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       397864      1.33%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        67902      0.23%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45680      0.15%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11436      0.04%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9057      0.03%     99.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        90247      0.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29838683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1749953                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3488082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        663108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       590607                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    570798                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     29302                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3458530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               12800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8862      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2768980     79.38%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            512      0.01%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           21624      0.62%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         24996      0.72%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         586301     16.81%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         72501      2.08%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4306      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3488082                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                90247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37770714                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16694594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          48668                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1749953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3488082                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.448862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.448862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.057310                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.057310                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6521722                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5001173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    62005                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   31011                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3780015                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1699022                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2959042                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           269695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             455041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           269695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.687243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3968775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3968775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       383032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         383032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        71378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         71378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       454410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          454410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       454410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         454410                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       469237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       469237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       470360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        470360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       470360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       470360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33466802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33466802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77744500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77744500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33544546500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33544546500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33544546500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33544546500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       852269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        72501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       924770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       924770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       924770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       924770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.550574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.550574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71321.745728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71321.745728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69229.296527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69229.296527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71316.749936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71316.749936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71316.749936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71316.749936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        26713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              897                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.780379                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2679                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200664                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       268582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       268582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       269696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       269696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18795053500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18795053500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     75501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18870555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18870555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.315138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69978.827695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69978.827695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67775.134650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67775.134650                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69969.725172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69969.725172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69969.725172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69969.725172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           114.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5559282                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5559282                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1389818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1389818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1389818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1389818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1389818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1389818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1389820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1389820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1389820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1389820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1389820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1389820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184023                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      354198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.924749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.701044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.167637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.131319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4497751                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4497751                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2679                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2679                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               410                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   410                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         85292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             85292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                85702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    85702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               85702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   85702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69373500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      69373500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17459097500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17459097500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17528471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17528675500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17528471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17528675500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2679                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2679                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1114                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       268582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        268582                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           269696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               269698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          269696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              269698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.631957                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.682436                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.682227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.682230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.682227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.682230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98541.903409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98541.903409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95253.955480                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95253.955480                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95266.535865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.611774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95266.535865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95266.611774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1004                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            14                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183290                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183290                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15626217500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15626217500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15688551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15688735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15688551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15688735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.682230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.682227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.682230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88541.903409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88541.903409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85254.064597                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85254.064597                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85266.644564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85266.720472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85266.644564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85266.720472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183994                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           182980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11839872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11839872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11839872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183996    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           435907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          997109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       539395                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       269698                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          315                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             54                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           49                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            268583                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3683                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          450035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       268582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       809086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                809092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17431936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17432192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184023                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     64256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           453721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 453351     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    365      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             453721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          272378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         404542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
