
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2870260695500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               56594613                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                104739319                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157378944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    97.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5490245928                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10160768076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11392832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11392960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        82752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           82752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          178013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              178015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         746222258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             746230641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5420196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5420196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5420196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        746222258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            751650838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      178015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1293                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    178015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11381952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   82304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11392960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                82752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    172                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267339000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                178015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1293                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  136537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.674189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.372580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    73.008844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48145     49.84%     49.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40114     41.53%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7290      7.55%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          901      0.93%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           93      0.10%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2209.850000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2153.893599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    488.005839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.25%      1.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      2.50%      3.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      1.25%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      1.25%      6.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            5      6.25%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            8     10.00%     22.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            9     11.25%     33.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8     10.00%     43.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      5.00%     48.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      2.50%     51.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431           11     13.75%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            6      7.50%     72.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            8     10.00%     82.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            4      5.00%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            6      7.50%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      1.25%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.25%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            2      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.075000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.070826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.382364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               77     96.25%     96.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      3.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            80                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4429624000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7764180250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  889215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24907.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43657.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       745.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    746.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81440                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1093                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85145.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                337129380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179188515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               617088780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3706200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1522430100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24663360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5194076550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       181991040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9265582965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            606.888984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11864768375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    474172750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2882872500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11390718875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352566060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187404690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               652710240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3006720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1591626390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24383520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5145427620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       164967840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9327402120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.938094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11713277375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    430033000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3034339000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11283260125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2263218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2263218                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           124166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1846270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 110802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             16516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1846270                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            894100                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          952170                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        53580                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1169594                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     162474                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       198612                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2767                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1731389                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7985                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1793470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7255361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2263218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1004902                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28485398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 253634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66631                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1723404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                21272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30476719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.480659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.743493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27809464     91.25%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   52257      0.17%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  743302      2.44%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   73716      0.24%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  185934      0.61%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  140985      0.46%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  135418      0.44%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   57427      0.19%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1278216      4.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30476719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.074120                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.237610                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1006387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27484228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1456236                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               403051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                126817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12327187                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                126817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1157572                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25936216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30931                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1618880                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1606303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11740098                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               116341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1170617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                357033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13941772                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             31792958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16124552                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           117878                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5074011                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8867762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2373691                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1894290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             230730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           10266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10890731                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11853                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8158331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            17231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6696031                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12461971                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11852                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30476719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.267691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.988524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27489641     90.20%     90.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1040046      3.41%     93.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             597469      1.96%     95.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             424510      1.39%     96.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             435080      1.43%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             204468      0.67%     99.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             161276      0.53%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              74331      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              49898      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30476719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  33052     72.55%     72.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3510      7.70%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7638     16.77%     97.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  783      1.72%     98.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              551      1.21%     99.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              22      0.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            43849      0.54%      0.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6620044     81.14%     81.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3181      0.04%     81.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                33708      0.41%     82.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              43774      0.54%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1229408     15.07%     97.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             174324      2.14%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           9991      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            52      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8158331                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.267182                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      45556                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005584                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          46743909                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17501155                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7720090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             112259                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             97468                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        48571                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8102138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  57900                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           14940                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1202505                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          554                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       130466                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          150                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1251                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                126817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23028761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               312143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10902584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1894290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              230730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4267                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 25014                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91632                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59636                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        87247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              146883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              7949127                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1168693                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           209204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1331125                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  915228                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    162432                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.260331                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7813668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7768661                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5731719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9374833                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.254421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611394                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6697202                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           126814                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29493783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.142625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.748244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27868467     94.49%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       683373      2.32%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       197824      0.67%     97.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       443300      1.50%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        93635      0.32%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        61602      0.21%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18192      0.06%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        13190      0.04%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       114200      0.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29493783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2110174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4206553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        792049                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       691785                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    668774                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     40654                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4165808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               17679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12110      0.29%      0.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3337692     79.35%     79.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            707      0.02%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           29351      0.70%     80.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         34644      0.82%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         685775     16.30%     97.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        100264      2.38%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6010      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4206553                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               114200                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40283338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22795408                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            545                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          57970                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2110174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4206553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             14.470223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       14.470223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.069107                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.069107                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 8900125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6720351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    85072                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   42535                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4751117                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2262283                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3886964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           297828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             696652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           297828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.339108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5274408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5274408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       612851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         612851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        98926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         98926                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       711777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          711777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       711777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         711777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       531030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       531030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       532368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        532368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       532368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       532368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34175177500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34175177500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106434000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    106434000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34281611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34281611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34281611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34281611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1143881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1143881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       100264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       100264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1244145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1244145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1244145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1244145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.464235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.464235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013345                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.427899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.427899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.427899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.427899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64356.397002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64356.397002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79547.085202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79547.085202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64394.575745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64394.575745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64394.575745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64394.575745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        35311                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.947415                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       234520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       234540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       234540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       296510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       296510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       297828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       297828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       297828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18589205500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18589205500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    103322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18692527500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18692527500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18692527500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18692527500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.259214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013145                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.239384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.239384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62693.350983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62693.350983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78393.019727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78393.019727                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62762.827874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62762.827874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62762.827874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62762.827874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               8523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          4261.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6893618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6893618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1723402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1723402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1723402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1723402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1723402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1723402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       208500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1723404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1723404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1723404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1723404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1723404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1723404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    178052                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      416318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    178052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.338182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.585166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.077545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.337289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          989                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4942076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4942076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3108                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        119457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            119457                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               119815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   119815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              119815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  119815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             960                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 960                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       177053                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          177053                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             178013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 178015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            178013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                178015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      97437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       203500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       203500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16845755500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16845755500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       203500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16943193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16943396500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       203500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16943193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16943396500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3108                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       296510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        296510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           297828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               297830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          297828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              297830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.728376                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.597123                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.597704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.597707                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.597704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.597707                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101497.395833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101497.395833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95145.270060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95145.270060                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95179.526214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95179.600034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95179.526214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95179.600034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1293                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1293                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          960                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            960                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177053                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       177053                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        178013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            178015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       178013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           178015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87837500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87837500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       183500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15075225500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15075225500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       183500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15163063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15163246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       183500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15163063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15163246500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.597123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.597704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.597707                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91497.395833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91497.395833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        91750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85145.270060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85145.270060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85179.526214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85179.600034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85179.526214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85179.600034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        356014                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       178013                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             177055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           176706                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        177055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       534029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       534029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 534029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11475712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11475712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11475712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            178015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  178015    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              178015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           420826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          966306500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       595660                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       297831                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          288                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             89                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           74                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            296512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          471479                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       296510                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       893484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                893490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19259904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19260160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          178052                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     82752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           475882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000826                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 475504     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    363      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     15      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             475882                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          300940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         446742000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
