
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               625961109125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                5445043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10304198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               59119026                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   258.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1406168963                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2661033706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12402688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12403840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3240512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3240512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         50633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              50633                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             75455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         812367095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             812442550                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        75455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            75455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       212251193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            212251193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       212251193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            75455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        812367095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1024693743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193811                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      50633                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    50633                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12400320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3240320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12403904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3240512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267392500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193811                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                50633                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   94281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   33667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   18658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   2016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        57528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    271.848700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.139410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   335.164702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27387     47.61%     47.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13908     24.18%     71.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3530      6.14%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1639      2.85%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1212      2.11%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          848      1.47%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          776      1.35%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          603      1.05%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7625     13.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        57528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      63.825915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     27.776632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    244.889957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          2873     94.72%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           80      2.64%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           20      0.66%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.10%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      0.16%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.10%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.16%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.07%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.10%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.03%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            3      0.10%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.03%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            7      0.23%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175           15      0.49%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            4      0.13%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            8      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.692156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.662350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.016591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2021     66.61%     66.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               56      1.85%     68.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              851     28.05%     96.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               85      2.80%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               18      0.59%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3943152750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7576059000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  968775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     20351.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                39101.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       812.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       212.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    812.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    212.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   155525                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   31325                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                61.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      62457.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                200969580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                106817865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               694921920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              130714020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1177650240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1600401540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             44880000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4485805380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       405137760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        210008100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9057415575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            593.254171                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11640819000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     498538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    748232250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1055060250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3098121125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9837526500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                209837460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                111516075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               688488780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              133600680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1190557680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1570949070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             40763040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4613356560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       411812160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        152360880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9123290565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            597.568935                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11715525250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24840750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     503956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    526577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1072503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3023016250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10116450125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7556737                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7556737                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           166072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6458513                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 537044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6852                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6458513                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4094735                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2363778                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        29271                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8359988                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    4611526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        59590                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         8662                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6303797                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           18                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6382846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      39676972                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7556737                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4631779                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     23984905                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 332968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  15                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          104                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6303779                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                60071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.509583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.324369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                17749217     58.13%     58.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  704838      2.31%     60.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  560067      1.83%     62.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1636898      5.36%     67.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  791669      2.59%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  766169      2.51%     72.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1526985      5.00%     77.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  654704      2.14%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6143807     20.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.247480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.299406                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5878239                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             12507060                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 11469934                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               512637                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                166484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              75153384                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                166484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6133638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                8399821                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6580                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 11660672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4167159                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              74540266                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               261620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                224669                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 64716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               3505504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           91301449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            186290064                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       115169725                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               41                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             79895313                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11406019                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               793                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2452547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8067335                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            4774475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          450998                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  72912143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6753                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71545963                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            43763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7389811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8226927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6660                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.343130                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.421254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           12581950     41.21%     41.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1543097      5.05%     46.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3165391     10.37%     56.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2972508      9.73%     66.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2970295      9.73%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3235824     10.60%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2256509      7.39%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1315034      4.31%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             493746      1.62%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 909422     91.55%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     91.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 82093      8.26%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1876      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              11      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            98721      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             58000435     81.07%     81.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               71113      0.10%     81.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               325461      0.45%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             8404769     11.75%     93.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            4645423      6.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            41      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71545963                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.343104                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     993402                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013885                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         174663357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         80309031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     70573334                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 93                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                82                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           40                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              72440592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     52                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          703902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       868465                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          406                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       388817                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       528255                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                166484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2176920                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                96082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           72918896                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8067335                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             4774475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2903                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                69507                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           406                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        111773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        84620                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              196393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             71296728                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8359076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           249240                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    12970301                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6837326                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   4611225                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.334942                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70677723                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70573374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 53509622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 89058346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.311253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.600838                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7389896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             93                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           166087                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29517312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.220018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.892188                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     14462187     49.00%     49.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2791203      9.46%     58.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1755342      5.95%     64.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3128793     10.60%     75.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       970533      3.29%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1192070      4.04%     82.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       633792      2.15%     84.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471680      1.60%     86.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4111712     13.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29517312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33965635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65528956                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11584499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7198852                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         56                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6469830                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 65448092                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              478348                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        80801      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        53493227     81.63%     81.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          68046      0.10%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          302383      0.46%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7198852     10.99%     93.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       4385647      6.69%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65528956                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4111712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    98324452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  146857064                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33965635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65528956                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.898988                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.898988                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.112362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.112362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               109157632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               59858558                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       40                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39876193                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                26462121                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               27010288                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           217881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29533939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           217881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           135.550778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         46208365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        46208365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6749801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6749801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4345409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4345409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11095210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11095210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11095210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11095210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       361874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       361874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        40537                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        40537                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       402411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        402411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       402411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       402411                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27552448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27552448500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3244664837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3244664837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30797113337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30797113337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30797113337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30797113337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7111675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7111675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4385946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4385946                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11497621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11497621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11497621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11497621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.050884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76138.237342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76138.237342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80042.056319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80042.056319                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76531.489788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76531.489788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76531.489788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76531.489788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5249857                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           121650                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.155421                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        55225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            55225                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       184316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       184527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       177558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        40326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        40326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       217884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       217884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14915351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14915351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3189586337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3189586337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18104937337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18104937337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18104937337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18104937337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009194                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84002.697710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84002.697710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79095.033899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79095.033899                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83094.386632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83094.386632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83094.386632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83094.386632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               18                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7203902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               18                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         400216.777778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         25215134                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        25215134                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6303752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6303752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6303752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6303752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6303752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6303752                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           27                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2337500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2337500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2337500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2337500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6303779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6303779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6303779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6303779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6303779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6303779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86574.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86574.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86574.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86574.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86574.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86574.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               18                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1745000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96944.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96944.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96944.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193851                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      226856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.170260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        2.472419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.304164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16380.223418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3680251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3680251                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        55225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            55225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           18                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               18                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              5611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5611                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         18480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             18480                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                24091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               24091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           34715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               34715                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               18                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       159078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          159078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                18                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3068614500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3068614500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1718000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1718000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14448373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14448373000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17516987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17518705500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17516987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17518705500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        55225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        55225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           18                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           18                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         40326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             40326                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             18                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       177558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        177558                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           217884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               217902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          217884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              217902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.860859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.895921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.889432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.889441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.889432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.889441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88394.483653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88394.483653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90825.714429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90825.714429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90390.197272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90390.666680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95444.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90390.197272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90390.666680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                50633                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     50633                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        34715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          34715                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       159078                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       159078                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2721464500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2721464500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1538000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1538000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12857623000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12857623000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15579087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15580625500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15579087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15580625500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.895921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.895921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.889432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.889441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.889432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.889441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78394.483653                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78394.483653                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85444.444444                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80825.903016                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80825.903016                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80390.352077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80390.821470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85444.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80390.352077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80390.821470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387635                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193825                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             159093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        50633                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           143191                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             34715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            34715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        159096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       581443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       581443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 581443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     15644224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     15644224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15644224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193811    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193811                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           649799500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1015879500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       435801                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       217899                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             39                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           39                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            177573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       105858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          305874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            40326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           40326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       177558                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       653646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                653700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17478784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17481088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193851                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3240512                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           411753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.009856                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 411713     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     40      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             411753                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273143500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         326821500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
