
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               8855059592500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              109184302                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                203396566                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              278374832                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    54.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5988161214                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11155191616                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12652928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12653056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           20096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                314                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828757634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828766018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1316273                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1316273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828757634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            830082292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197703                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        314                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197703                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      314                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12650432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12652992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                20096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267327000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197703                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  314                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.762162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.271455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.011217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40465     41.76%     41.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44880     46.32%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9952     10.27%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1429      1.47%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          145      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10003.900000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9537.006813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3099.739291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      5.00%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      5.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            7     35.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            2     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            1      5.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4783034000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8489215250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  988315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24197.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42947.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     278                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77101.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344119440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182892435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               701483580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  78300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1628615400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24515520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5180555010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104106240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9371060325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.797675                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11630172250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9516000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    270772250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3117517625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11359938250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347753700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184835475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               709830240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1592100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1643586450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24540000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5152675170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       114952320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385074495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.715593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11597795375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9624000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    298990750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11298804625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1450974                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1450974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            58060                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1121463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  37407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5743                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1121463                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            621928                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          499535                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        18031                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     670429                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37818                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141119                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          728                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1215637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3870                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1241396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4173645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1450974                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            659335                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29151047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 118612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        35354                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1211767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5929                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     12                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.275071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.321497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28853132     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17703      0.06%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613363      2.01%     96.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   20413      0.07%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  117282      0.38%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   54467      0.18%     97.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   76965      0.25%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19247      0.06%     97.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  717927      2.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047519                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136685                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  598248                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28779957                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   761813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 59306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6838908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 59306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  681734                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27491739                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   893305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1345642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6562343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                73532                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                996284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                313781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7832846                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18330541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8543696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26910                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2763652                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5069192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               318                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1885053                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1201606                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3137                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2975                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6248748                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3447                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4435430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3944762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8367102                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3446                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.145469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.688098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28622267     93.87%     93.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             765472      2.51%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             396331      1.30%     97.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             265844      0.87%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             272152      0.89%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              70874      0.23%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61841      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20004      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15714      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7687     66.24%     66.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  814      7.01%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2800     24.13%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  191      1.65%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               76      0.65%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              36      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13534      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3665134     82.63%     82.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 796      0.02%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7038      0.16%     83.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10173      0.23%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              696213     15.70%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40605      0.92%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1780      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           157      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4435430                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.145259                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11604                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002616                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39351807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10174081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4263867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              25352                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             22880                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11110                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4420450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  13050                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3184                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       758983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1254                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 59306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25750093                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               274309                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6252195                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1201606                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16782                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                73923                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        32425                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               64869                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4363512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               670230                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            71918                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      708042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  525833                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37812                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.142903                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4287752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4274977                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3138844                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4936168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.140004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635887                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3945400                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            59305                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29935330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.077081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.504799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28913825     96.59%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477952      1.60%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110930      0.37%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308886      1.03%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        54255      0.18%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26534      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4490      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3332      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35126      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29935330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1154502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2307432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        462842                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       442623                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    421223                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8042                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2299305                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3554                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2416      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1829326     79.28%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            142      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5830      0.25%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6876      0.30%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         441457     19.13%     99.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         20219      0.88%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1166      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2307432                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                35126                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36153036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13062040                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1154502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2307432                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.448364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.448364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037810                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037810                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4274581                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3715443                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    19742                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9807                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2768551                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1166713                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2321863                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           234334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             267492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.141499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2970250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2970250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       247587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         247587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        19391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         19391                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       266978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          266978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       266978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         266978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       416173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       416173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       417001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        417001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       417001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       417001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34798878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34798878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29035997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29035997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34827913997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34827913997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34827913997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34827913997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       663760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       663760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        20219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        20219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       683979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       683979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       683979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       683979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.626993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.626993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040952                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.609669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.609669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83616.375882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83616.375882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35067.629227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35067.629227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83519.977163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83519.977163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83519.977163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83519.977163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16764                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              883                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.985277                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       182657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       182667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       182667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       182667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       233516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          818                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       234334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       234334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19429096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19429096000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27543497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27543497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19456639497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19456639497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19456639497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19456639497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.342604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83202.418678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83202.418678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33671.756724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33671.756724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83029.519818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83029.519818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83029.519818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83029.519818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               1424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4847072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4847072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1211762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1211762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1211762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1211762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1211762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1211762                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       226500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       226500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       226500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       226500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1211767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1211767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1211767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1211767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        45300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        45300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        45300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        45300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        45300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        45300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        54250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197710                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      265766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.344221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.202543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.135437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.662020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3944862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3944862                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36009                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36633                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 194                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19472000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19472000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       190000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18673231000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18673231000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18692703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18692893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18692703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18692893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               818                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       233516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        233516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           234334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               234338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          234334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              234338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.237164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.845796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.843672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.843666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.843672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.843666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100371.134021                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100371.134021                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94544.654114                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94544.654114                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94550.371521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94550.376069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94550.371521                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94550.376069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       314                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            194                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17532000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17532000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       170000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       170000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16698161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16698161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16715693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16715863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16715693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16715863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.237164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.843666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.843672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.843666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90371.134021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90371.134021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84544.654114                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84544.654114                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84550.371521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84550.376069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84550.371521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84550.376069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395397                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197703                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          314                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       593100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       593100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 593100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12673088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12673088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12673088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197703    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197703                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           466364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1067475500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       468676                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234337                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             16                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            233520                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       233516                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       703002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                703014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15131520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15132032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     20096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           432048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001261                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035559                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431504     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    543      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             432048                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          236438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         351501000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
