
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10473398069750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               64835752                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121103041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160269555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    95.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6176278219                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11536323632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10000128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10025536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9955136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9955136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1664206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655001153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656665358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1664206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652054209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652054209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652054209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1664206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655001153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308719567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156649                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156649                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10025536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9954496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10025536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9955136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156649                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.785526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.550389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.801514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2002      7.33%      7.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2354      8.62%     15.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1843      6.75%     22.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1744      6.39%     29.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1436      5.26%     34.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1314      4.81%     39.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1496      5.48%     44.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1255      4.60%     49.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13860     50.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.124974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.549030                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             41      0.42%      0.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           108      1.11%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9397     96.74%     98.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           119      1.23%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            21      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             6      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.206364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9678     99.63%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2886357250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5823526000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18425.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37175.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143117                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48902.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98039340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52109145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563224620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407943000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507115910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62472960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2098215600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       316369920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577887680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7435799715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.039504                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11799181875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6374121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    823864500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3106596250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4601223375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96911220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51509535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555249240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403970580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         747402240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1499316030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             69060960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2069677980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       313428480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1595838060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7402364325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.849510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11718797625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     58320750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6444536375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    816210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3092659000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4538804000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1292643                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1292643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7627                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1282953                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1282953                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1240953                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42000                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5291                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     431033                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1276709                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          922                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2661                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64125                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          294                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             88670                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5806168                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1292643                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1245060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30401761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1116                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            1                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63937                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.648523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28763917     94.31%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   47990      0.16%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   51731      0.17%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  267783      0.88%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   33584      0.11%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11679      0.04%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12222      0.04%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   31280      0.10%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1279528      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042334                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  415689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28609607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   683925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               782512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11601115                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  693131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 276831                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1187504                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28319109                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11562722                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28015204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14786068                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24459464                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13316024                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           449766                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14473076                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  312992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               155                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           163                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4786089                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              443201                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1285829                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22414                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11492006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11420113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         200455                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       292160                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.374433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.261185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27414636     89.88%     89.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             495861      1.63%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             537557      1.76%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             358877      1.18%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             313810      1.03%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1011282      3.32%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             143684      0.47%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             193303      0.63%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30704      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  87119     93.17%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  596      0.64%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1174      1.26%     95.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  251      0.27%     95.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4157      4.45%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             206      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5589      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9577476     83.86%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  94      0.00%     83.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  325      0.00%     83.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             124025      1.09%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              365046      3.20%     88.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1224529     10.72%     98.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69232      0.61%     99.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53797      0.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11420113                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.374005                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      93503                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008188                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52883585                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11392944                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11122016                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             551983                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            300621                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       270795                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11229613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 278414                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2422                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28387                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          258                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14748                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          635                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  74266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               161383                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11492867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               443201                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1285829                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               385                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   532                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               160611                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           258                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2156                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11402008                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               430793                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18105                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1707453                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1262109                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1276660                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.373412                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11396685                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11392811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8333522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11601673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.373110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.718303                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         200712                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7795                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30467839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.370634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.295700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27497377     90.25%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       371225      1.22%     91.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328081      1.08%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1099276      3.61%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72600      0.24%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       638419      2.10%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        87256      0.29%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27674      0.09%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       345931      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30467839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5589466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11292412                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1685895                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       414814                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1254272                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    266221                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11147676                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3229      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9481397     83.96%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        121541      1.08%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         348644      3.09%     88.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1217873     10.78%     98.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66170      0.59%     99.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53208      0.47%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11292412                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               345931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41615032                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23018685                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5589466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11292412                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.462899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.462899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.183053                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.183053                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13057162                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8635946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   421843                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  216011                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6293669                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5737794                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4240453                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156302                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1476035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.443481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6949942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6949942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       422378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         422378                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1116478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1116478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1538856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1538856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1538856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1538856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154646                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154646                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13948403996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13948403996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14397063996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14397063996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14397063996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14397063996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       427286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       427286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1271124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1271124                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1698410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1698410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1698410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1698410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91414.017930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91414.017930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90195.698537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90195.698537                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90233.174950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90233.174950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90233.174950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90233.174950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17756                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.552381                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155052                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    175484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    175484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13793212496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13793212496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13968696496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13968696496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13968696496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13968696496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121656                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.092031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.092031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105269.346131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105269.346131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89195.631764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89195.631764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89367.056472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.056472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89367.056472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89367.056472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.568787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             334137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           453.990489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.568787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           256489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          256489                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62831.257078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62831.257078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62831.257078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62831.257078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62831.257078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62831.257078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47855500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47855500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47855500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47855500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64582.321188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64582.321188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64582.321188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64582.321188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64582.321188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64582.321188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157278                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.685448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.105376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.209176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2669670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2669670                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155052                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          735                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              735                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            340                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                340                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154618                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              397                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               397                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156648                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13560989000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13560989000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43143000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43143000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    172537000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    172537000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13733526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13776669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13733526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13776669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155052                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          735                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          735                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          737                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            737                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538670                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538670                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979604                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87706.405464                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87706.405464                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108672.544081                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108672.544081                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105656.460502                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105656.460502                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108672.544081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87894.003878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87946.663858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108672.544081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87894.003878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87946.663858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154618                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12014809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12014809000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39173000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    156207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156207000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12171016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12210189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12171016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12210189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77706.405464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77706.405464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98672.544081                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98672.544081                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95656.460502                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95656.460502                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98672.544081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77894.003878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77946.663858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98672.544081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77894.003878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77946.663858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313405                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156776                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19980608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19980608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19980608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156649    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156649                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823868750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314086                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157039                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          120                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            592                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          592                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19926656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20020928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157282                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9955392                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002265                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313614     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    712      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1111500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234455999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
