
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10885616361125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68941620                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129050583                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              166228737                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    91.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6331969266                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11852700821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          26432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       14542208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           14568640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        26432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         26432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8353280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8353280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          227222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              227635                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        130520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             130520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1731277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         952504108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             954235385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1731277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1731277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       547133800                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            547133800                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       547133800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1731277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        952504108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1501369185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      227635                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     130520                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    227635                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   130520                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               14568576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8353152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14568640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8353280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             13964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            14122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            14177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              7933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267326000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                227635                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               130520                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   16959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   16079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   6924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   8442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   8433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        34952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    655.804074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   482.288929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   381.420986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3059      8.75%      8.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4728     13.53%     22.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3657     10.46%     32.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1898      5.43%     38.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1479      4.23%     42.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2200      6.29%     48.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1599      4.57%     53.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1020      2.92%     56.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15312     43.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        34952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.916483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.753586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    719.580117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         8153     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.006623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.161877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8138     99.80%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.05%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                4      0.05%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4148820000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8416957500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1138170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18225.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36975.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       954.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       547.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    954.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    547.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   205080                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  118119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      42627.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                126292320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 67129755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               816366180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              342395460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         966828720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1819180080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63541920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2959383570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       345859680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        946820280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8453881905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            553.723152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11109227000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44927000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     409628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3721701500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    900722375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3700300500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6490064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                123272100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 65513085                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               808940580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              338908500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         929950320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1746881280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64908960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2868800880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       317303520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1046227140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8310706365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            544.345257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11267515500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50128750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     393974000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4149886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    826287250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3555725875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6291342250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2912943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2912943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5094                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2629296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 181051                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2629296                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1412892                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1216404                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3549                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3307754                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1735425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3682                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          758                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1189241                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          192                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   26                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1207487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      12027886                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2912943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1593943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29286546                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  10666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          913                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1189096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.825288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.255810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26296275     86.22%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  346154      1.13%     87.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  186166      0.61%     87.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  378615      1.24%     89.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  246663      0.81%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  418433      1.37%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  335901      1.10%     92.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  114583      0.38%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2177623      7.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.095398                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.393909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  797416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26304092                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2174154                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1219418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  5333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              25124358                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  5333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1260934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               14477455                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2831451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             11917730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              25100025                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               384511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1526354                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2887925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6689054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           29034897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             62431830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        35616354                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           154542                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             28818601                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  216097                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                72                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            78                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6450211                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3085981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1741932                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            75563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           30558                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  25054291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 25235211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         146906                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       209993                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.827373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.799022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           23043529     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1989510      6.52%     82.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1336503      4.38%     86.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             916358      3.00%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             822180      2.70%     92.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             920688      3.02%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             639123      2.10%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             563453      1.85%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             269069      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 459915     93.01%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  254      0.05%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     93.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 32605      6.59%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  211      0.04%     99.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1404      0.28%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              97      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3454      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             20141818     79.82%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  92      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  198      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              42879      0.17%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3286686     13.02%     93.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1717803      6.81%     99.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          23405      0.09%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         18876      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              25235211                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.826444                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     494486                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019595                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          81276856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         25098275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     24892691                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             190090                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            103922                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        93204                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              25630344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  95899                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          672156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21820                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10880                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       231268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  5333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1787874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               169403                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           25055130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3085981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1741932                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               326                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 67793                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                66917                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1460                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                6547                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             25223308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3307634                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            11903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5043035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2890696                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1735401                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.826054                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      24988632                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     24985895                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 17694400                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 28848983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.818279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.613346                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         147001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5216                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30477325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.817265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.251797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26214384     86.01%     86.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       389243      1.28%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       226807      0.74%     88.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       684234      2.25%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       153709      0.50%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       125396      0.41%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       282242      0.93%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       133257      0.44%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2268053      7.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30477325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            11887674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              24908050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4795183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3064147                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2884479                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     91316                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 24857766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              179039                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1833      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        20069046     80.57%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             81      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             143      0.00%     80.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         41764      0.17%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3041875     12.21%     92.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1712370      6.87%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        22272      0.09%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        18666      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         24908050                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2268053                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    53264323                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   50133778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            260                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34275                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11887674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     24908050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.568601                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.568601                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.389317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.389317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                35896851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               20285522                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   144952                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   73718                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 15857255                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8548462                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               10917835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           227264                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             961166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           227264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             4.229293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16766664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16766664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2056257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2056257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1693885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1693885                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3750142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3750142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3750142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3750142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       347508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       347508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        37200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37200                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28156360500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28156360500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3351545995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3351545995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31507906495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31507906495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31507906495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31507906495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2403765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2403765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1731085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1731085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4134850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4134850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4134850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4134850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.144568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81023.632549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81023.632549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90095.322446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90095.322446                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81900.835166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81900.835166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81900.835166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81900.835166                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2848093                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67449                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.225874                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       126279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           126279                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       157435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       157435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       157440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       157440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       157440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       157440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       227268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       227268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17016694500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17016694500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3314004995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3314004995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20330699495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20330699495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20330699495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20330699495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.079073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021487                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89527.152726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89527.152726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89098.131335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89098.131335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89456.938482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89456.938482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89456.938482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89456.938482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              584                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.381093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           23486445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         40216.515411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.381093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4756975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4756975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1188389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1188389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1188389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1188389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1188389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1188389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53045500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53045500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     53045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53045500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1189096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1189096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1189096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1189096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1189096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75028.995757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75028.995757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75028.995757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75028.995757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75028.995757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75028.995757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              584                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44796500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75797.800338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75797.800338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75797.800338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75797.800338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 75797.800338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75797.800338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    228130                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      227542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    228130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       27.322138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        22.261634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16334.416228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3873586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3873586                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       126279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           126279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            174                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                174                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     216                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           37175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          413                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              413                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       190047                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          190047                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             227222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 227635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            227222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                227635                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3257968500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3257968500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42060500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42060500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16731269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16731269500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42060500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19989238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      20031298500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42060500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19989238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     20031298500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       126279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       126279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         37191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             37191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          587                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            587                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       190073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        190073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           227264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               227851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          227264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              227851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999570                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.703578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.703578                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.703578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.703578                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87638.695360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87638.695360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101841.404358                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101841.404358                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88037.535452                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88037.535452                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101841.404358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87972.282613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87997.445472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101841.404358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87972.282613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87997.445472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               130520                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    130520                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        37175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          413                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       190047                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       190047                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        227222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            227635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       227222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           227635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2886208500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2886208500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37930500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37930500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14830809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14830809500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17717018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17754948500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17717018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17754948500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.703578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.703578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.703578                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77638.426362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77638.426362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91841.404358                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91841.404358                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78037.588070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78037.588070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91841.404358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77972.282613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77997.445472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91841.404358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77972.282613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77997.445472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        455248                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       227624                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             190459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       130520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            97092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        190460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       682883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       682883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 682883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22921920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     22921920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22921920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            227636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  227636    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              227636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1015766500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1187719750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       455707                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       227849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           70                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            573                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          573                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            190663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       256799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          584                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          198595                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            37191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           37192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       190073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       681800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                683562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22701696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          228134                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8353536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           455989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001410                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037525                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 455346     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    643      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             455989                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          354716500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            886999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         340898499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
