
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10106981810750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80244533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                149645819                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              201559947                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    75.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6078193312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11335058122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12805312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12805312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         838738676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             838738676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1173747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1173747                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1173747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        838738676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            839912423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200083                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        280                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12803328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12805312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  280                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.470014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.983377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.963433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40036     41.06%     41.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45652     46.82%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10241     10.50%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1399      1.43%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          156      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11618.176471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11446.476192                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1970.672640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.88%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.76%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.88%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     11.76%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.88%     47.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.88%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.88%     58.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            4     23.53%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     11.76%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4848398250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8599373250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1000260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24235.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42985.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       838.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    838.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102568                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     238                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76198.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348624780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185268105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               713021820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 245340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1650999300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24444480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5166263400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        97272960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9390834585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.092875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11582902500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509847875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    253315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11330226500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347653740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184789935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               715349460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1174500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1653277590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24464160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5159397750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101206080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9392622255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.209966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11576852125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9513000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    263206000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3171083000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11313682125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1318229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1318229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            49169                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1045458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1045458                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            574389                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          471069                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13895                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     599312                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      34041                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       130726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          766                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1122057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2389                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1144108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3760945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1318229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            604125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29277331                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  99858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        23906                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1119668                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4325                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30496701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.247710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.253697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29008246     95.12%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14152      0.05%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  572915      1.88%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   17546      0.06%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  107534      0.35%     97.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   45863      0.15%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72466      0.24%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16376      0.05%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  641603      2.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30496701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.123170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  537280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28959434                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   678227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               271831                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 49929                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6163829                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 49929                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  611070                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27846832                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   804235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1162743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5928249                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                51517                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                936324                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                180159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7082310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16603429                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7688008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            22218                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2528121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4554175                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1766138                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1088169                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              51621                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5663128                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3601                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3999003                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3482                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3556515                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7678338                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3601                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30496701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.131129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.649327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28788514     94.40%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             707652      2.32%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             368990      1.21%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             242369      0.79%     98.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             245970      0.81%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59618      0.20%     99.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              54093      0.18%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16224      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13271      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30496701                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6560     65.76%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  676      6.78%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     72.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2399     24.05%     96.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  171      1.71%     98.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               30      0.30%     98.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             139      1.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10688      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3313759     82.86%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1184      0.03%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 5959      0.15%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8739      0.22%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              620659     15.52%     99.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              36229      0.91%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1233      0.03%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           553      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3999003                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.130966                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       9975                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002494                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38485951                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9204525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3855537                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22213                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             18720                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9743                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3986884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11406                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2846                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       681750                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           81                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34477                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          829                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 49929                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26353963                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               241765                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5666729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1088169                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               51621                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1334                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                48652                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28846                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25657                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               54503                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3941301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               599158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            57702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      633182                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  474088                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34024                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.129076                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3875808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3865280                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2827927                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4447826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.126587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635800                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3556904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            49929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30003206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.070332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.474545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29051346     96.83%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       449175      1.50%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103890      0.35%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291277      0.97%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49992      0.17%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23546      0.08%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3680      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2767      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27533      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30003206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1055903                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2110197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        423561                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       406417                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    386854                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      6848                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2103281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2052      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1673666     79.31%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            121      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            4941      0.23%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          5856      0.28%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         405425     19.21%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17144      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          992      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2110197                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                27533                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35642774                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11828729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1055903                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2110197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.918081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.918081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034580                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034580                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3815478                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3360851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17340                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8499                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2506439                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1043649                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2103890                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           216459                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             226995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           216459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.048674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2658119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2658119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       208759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         208759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16437                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       225196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          225196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       225196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         225196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       384512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       384512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       385219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        385219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       385219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       385219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34625991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34625991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24746500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24746500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34650737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34650737500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34650737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34650737500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       593271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       593271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17144                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17144                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       610415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       610415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       610415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       610415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.648122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.631077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.631077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90051.782519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90051.782519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35002.121641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35002.121641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89950.748795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89950.748795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89950.748795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89950.748795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.684601                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       168760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       168760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       215757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       216459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19422232500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19422232500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23677000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19445909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19445909500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19445909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19445909500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90019.014447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90019.014447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33727.920228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33727.920228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89836.456327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89836.456327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89836.456327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89836.456327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4478672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4478672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1119668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1119668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1119668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1119668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1119668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1119668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1119668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200086                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      227535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200086                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.137186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.979162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.020838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3661166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3661166                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         15838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             15838                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                16376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               16376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199919                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199919                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16703500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16703500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18910448500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18910448500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18927152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18927152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18927152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18927152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               702                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       215757                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        215757                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           216459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               216459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          216459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              216459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.233618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.926593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.926593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.924346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.924346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.924346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.924346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101850.609756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101850.609756                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94590.551673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94590.551673                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94596.502451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94596.502451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94596.502451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94596.502451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  280                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       280                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15063500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15063500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16911248500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16911248500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16926312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16926312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16926312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16926312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.926593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.924346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.924346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.924346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.924346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91850.609756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91850.609756                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84590.501653                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84590.501653                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84596.452472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84596.452472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84596.452472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84596.452472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400162                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200083                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199919                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       600246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       600246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 600246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12823296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12823296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12823296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200083    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           472050500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1080045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       432917                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       216457                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          498                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            215757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          414498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             702                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       215757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       649376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                649376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13966400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               13966400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200086                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           416545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 416042     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    503      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             416545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          218224500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         324688500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
