
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2671785221875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               42438611                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 78504888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              118712881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   128.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5457914049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10096301035                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9518976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9519296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       167936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          167936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          148734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              148739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          2624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               2624                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         623486045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             623507004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10999687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10999687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10999687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        623486045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            634506691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      148740                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       2624                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    148740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     2624                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9495744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   23616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  168064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9519360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               167936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              8883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              8815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              8409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              8716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              8188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              8197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              8258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              7921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             7941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267411000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                148740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 2624                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  116108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   29761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        89067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    108.496121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.367058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    67.747969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51197     57.48%     57.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32224     36.18%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4920      5.52%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          580      0.65%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      0.08%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      0.04%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        89067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     917.487654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    884.954724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    243.940025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      1.23%      1.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.85%      3.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.47%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           13      8.02%     13.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           12      7.41%     20.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           12      7.41%     28.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           16      9.88%     38.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           16      9.88%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           13      8.02%     56.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023           22     13.58%     69.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           11      6.79%     76.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           11      6.79%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      4.32%     87.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      4.32%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            8      4.94%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.62%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.62%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.62%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.209877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.198986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.614848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              145     89.51%     89.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               17     10.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3818968000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6600924250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  741855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25739.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44489.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       621.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        11.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    623.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     11.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    59864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2065                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 40.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     100865.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    41.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                298951800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                158900445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               493509660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6436260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1315743540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24771360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5344855230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       228963360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9077440695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            594.565801                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12317128750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10240250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    596764750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2430115125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11720364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                336986580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                179108820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               565852140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7271460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1467115590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25066560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5260640580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       172114560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9219465330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            603.868312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11985050500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10060250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    448452250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2762030250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11536935375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3640947                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3640947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           222197                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2953866                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 210850                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2953866                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1390615                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1563251                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       102399                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1909455                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     341323                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       284945                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         5611                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2719154                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13586                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2832771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      12137470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3640947                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1601465                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27312142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 453232                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       104251                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2705569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                44408                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     18                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30481078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.804773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.210316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26125963     85.71%     85.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   93929      0.31%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1071358      3.51%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  148060      0.49%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  304812      1.00%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  241206      0.79%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  217976      0.72%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  105807      0.35%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2171967      7.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30481078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.119240                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.397498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1721906                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25354483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2608268                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               569805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                226616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              21019517                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                226616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1965003                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               23590827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         59826                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2818770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1820036                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              19984956                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               135135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1419833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                263179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  6186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           23686223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             53632098                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        27965025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           247024                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              8645956                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                15040252                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               992                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3099690                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3064261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             481788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            18151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21040                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  18371408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              25884                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13868882                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            32437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       11242821                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20452247                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         25884                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30481078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.455000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.298114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25795680     84.63%     84.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1414905      4.64%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             915506      3.00%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             669788      2.20%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             732790      2.40%     96.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             386427      1.27%     98.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             312031      1.02%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             153488      0.50%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             100463      0.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30481078                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  70421     76.37%     76.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 7620      8.26%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     84.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 11577     12.56%     97.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1568      1.70%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1014      1.10%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            82957      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11205063     80.79%     81.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                7313      0.05%     81.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74279      0.54%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              93647      0.68%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2020452     14.57%     97.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             364638      2.63%     99.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          20512      0.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            21      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13868882                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.454201                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      92209                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          58105367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         29439644                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13042885                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             238121                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            200478                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       104307                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13755311                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 122823                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           32434                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1970902                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1189                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       259973                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          340                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1693                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                226616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               20172871                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               332812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           18397292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3064261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              481788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              9261                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 35361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77533                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        102648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       164575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              267223                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13467077                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1907579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           401805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2248821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1487682                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    341242                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.441042                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      13238577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     13147192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  9827712                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 16167893                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.430566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607854                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       11244207                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           226609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28820162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.248245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.012564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26243478     91.06%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1016704      3.53%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       325938      1.13%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       651026      2.26%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       168089      0.58%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       118270      0.41%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        37759      0.13%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        28648      0.10%     99.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       230250      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28820162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             3590614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               7154454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1315171                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1093356                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1058126                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     89208                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  7064281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               39200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        26979      0.38%      0.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         5668962     79.24%     79.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1568      0.02%     79.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           65576      0.92%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         76198      1.07%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1080346     15.10%     96.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        221815      3.10%     99.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        13010      0.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          7154454                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               230250                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    46988573                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   38467969                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          53610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3590614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      7154454                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.504030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.504030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.117591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.117591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                15622937                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               11391441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   182541                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   91306                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  7722799                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3828026                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                6352268                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           406984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1200000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           406984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.948519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8712616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8712616                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1126740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1126740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       219422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        219422                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1346162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1346162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1346162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1346162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       727853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       727853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       730246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        730246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       730246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       730246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32979962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32979962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    218824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    218824500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33198787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33198787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33198787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33198787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1854593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1854593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       221815                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2076408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2076408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2076408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2076408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.392460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.392460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.351687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.351687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.351687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45311.295687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45311.295687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91443.585458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91443.585458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45462.470181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45462.470181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45462.470181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45462.470181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        46900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1570                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.872611                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             8179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       323229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       323229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       323262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       323262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       323262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       323262                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       404624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       406984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       406984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       406984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       406984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17443100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17443100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    213375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17656475500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17656475500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17656475500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17656475500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.218174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.196004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43109.405275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43109.405275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90413.347458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90413.347458                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43383.709188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43383.709188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43383.709188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43383.709188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             215837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         43167.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         10822281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        10822281                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2705564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2705564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2705564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2705564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2705564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2705564                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       501500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       501500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       501500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       501500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2705569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2705569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2705569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2705569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2705569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2705569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       496500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       496500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    148812                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      681566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    148812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.580047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.564631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.298175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16376.137194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6660252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6660252                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             8179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   202                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        258047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            258047                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               258249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   258249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              258249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  258249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2158                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       146577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          146577                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             148735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 148740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            148735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                148740                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    207642500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     207642500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       489000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14052252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14052252500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14259895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      14260384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14259895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     14260384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       404624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        404624                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           406984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               406989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          406984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              406989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.914407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.914407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.362255                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.365457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.365464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.365457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.365464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96219.879518                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96219.879518                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95869.423579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95869.423579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95874.508354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95874.573081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95874.508354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95874.573081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2624                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2624                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           98                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            98                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2158                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       146577                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       146577                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        148735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            148740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       148735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           148740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    186062500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186062500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12586482500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12586482500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12772545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12772984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12772545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12772984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.914407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.914407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.365457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.365464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.365457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86219.879518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86219.879518                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85869.423579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85869.423579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85874.508354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85874.573081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85874.508354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85874.573081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        297466                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       148736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             146582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2624                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           146102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2158                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        146582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       446206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       446206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 446206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9687296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      9687296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 9687296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            148740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  148740    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              148740                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           354548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          811407250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       813978                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       406989                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          106                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            184                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          164                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            404629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          544993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1220952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1220967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26570432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               26571072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          148812                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    167936                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           555801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025088                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 555511     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    270      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     20      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             555801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          415173000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         610476000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
