
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               183208129500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1154809                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2173134                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               42523748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   359.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   414612135                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     780222422                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         248384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             248512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       222912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          222912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16268972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16277356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14600575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14600575                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14600575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16268972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30877931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3883                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3883                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3483                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 248512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  222976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  248512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               222912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265706000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3883                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3483                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    103.578207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.234067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.476033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3990     87.65%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          239      5.25%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           88      1.93%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           68      1.49%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      0.81%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.86%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.68%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.68%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           29      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.969231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.779451                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.096236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             7      3.59%      3.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           100     51.28%     54.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            49     25.13%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            26     13.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             6      3.08%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             1      0.51%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             2      1.03%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.54%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.866667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.859531                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.489758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               12      6.15%      6.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.03%      7.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              181     92.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    383590000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               456396250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     98787.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               117537.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2766                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                79.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2072455.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18599700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  9889770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                15786540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                9954540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1255094880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            453592890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55451520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3055074600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2183838240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        598521780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7656782430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            501.513712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14123729625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     94632000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     532990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1739211500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5687137500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     513660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6699712625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13901580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7385070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11938080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8231940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1105737360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            406496640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             50251200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2571635940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2032998720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        950424780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7160129190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            468.983284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14240128625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     89748250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     469558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3308707625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5294336000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     465398250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5639596000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13213084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13213084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1082938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11047192                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 993098                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            210638                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11047192                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3588581                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7458611                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       777955                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9907648                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7434622                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       132916                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        46912                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8920669                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        12336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9650529                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59510227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13213084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4581679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19730792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2179962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55958                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8908333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               265234                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.731613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.580345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12391469     40.58%     40.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  859288      2.81%     43.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1233147      4.04%     47.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1416490      4.64%     52.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1115969      3.65%     55.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1101724      3.61%     59.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1028014      3.37%     62.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  879563      2.88%     65.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10508760     34.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948938                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8549306                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4366483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15577346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               951308                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1089981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108347845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1089981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9317237                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3289283                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         29511                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15696954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1111458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103235799                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 72796                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    73                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                983473                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109812418                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259842844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155134497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3125959                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68058852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41753535                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   894529                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11832148                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8847605                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           491147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          195326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92897318                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              66812                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82741329                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           463146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29287923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42664989                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         66789                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.709772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.525258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9908002     32.45%     32.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2830653      9.27%     41.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3069700     10.05%     51.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3074672     10.07%     61.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3132514     10.26%     72.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2776259      9.09%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3082996     10.10%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1639091      5.37%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1020537      3.34%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 804559     73.45%     73.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14204      1.30%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100681      9.19%     83.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85253      7.78%     91.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              696      0.06%     91.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           90028      8.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           501990      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62709858     75.79%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73646      0.09%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86229      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1145846      1.38%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10065690     12.17%     90.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7485803      9.05%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         384509      0.46%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        287758      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82741329                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.709749                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1095421                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193679480                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119204142                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77250718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3896163                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3048965                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1761634                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81368612                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1966148                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1235050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4206421                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11382                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2384                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2610406                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1089981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3313581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92964130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11832148                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8847605                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23600                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3125                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2384                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        305035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1127711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1432746                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80160114                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9901014                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2581209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17328136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8682333                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7427122                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.625215                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79617234                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79012352                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55221916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86498606                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.587626                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29288617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1089332                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26132982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.436622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.732821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9447675     36.15%     36.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3763177     14.40%     50.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2622752     10.04%     60.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3545776     13.57%     74.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1116081      4.27%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1148057      4.39%     82.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       812748      3.11%     85.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       464648      1.78%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3212068     12.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26132982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33623111                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63676186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13862918                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7625723                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7409740                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1295385                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62703109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              460029                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       257988      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48447397     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53969      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75390      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        978524      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7351969     11.55%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6237195      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       273754      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63676186                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3212068                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115885717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190418308                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             26                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33623111                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63676186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.908146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.908146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.101145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.101145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115817648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61947193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2480459                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1220354                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40356369                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21144670                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35217619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             726163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           140.756542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59124835                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59124835                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8535065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8535065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6237018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6237018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14772083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14772083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14772083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14772083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    376265500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376265500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    476841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    476841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    853106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    853106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    853106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    853106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8539582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8539582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6240337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6240337                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14779919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14779919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14779919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14779919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83299.867168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83299.867168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143670.081350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143670.081350                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108870.150587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108870.150587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108870.150587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108870.150587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    206218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    469241500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469241500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    675459500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    675459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    675459500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110159.188034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110159.188034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 142669.960474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142669.960474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130877.639992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130877.639992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130877.639992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130877.639992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             200585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           138.813149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35634779                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35634779                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8906839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8906839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8906839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8906839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8906839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8906839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8908333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8908333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8908333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8908333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13583.668005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13583.668005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13583.668005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13583.668005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13583.668005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13583.668005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18552500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18552500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12821.354527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12821.354527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12821.354527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12821.354527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12821.354527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12821.354527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3887                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.213018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.298743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.716755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16299.984502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13835                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    109495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   109495                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1445                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1445                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1443                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1443                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    464199500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     464199500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1227000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    189985000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    189985000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    654184500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        655411500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    654184500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       655411500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1445                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1445                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1445                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1445                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1872                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997566                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001384                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001384                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.321581                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.752278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.587977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.752278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.587977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 141567.398597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141567.398597                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       613500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 315589.700997                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 315589.700997                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168560.809070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168789.981973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       613500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168560.809070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168789.981973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            13                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    431409500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431409500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1207000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1207000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615374500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616581500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    615374500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616581500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.587977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.752278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.587977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131567.398597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131567.398597                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       603500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 305589.700997                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305589.700997                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158560.809070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158789.981973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       603500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158560.809070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158789.981973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7769                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3886                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              403                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3883    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21387250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13212                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6603                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           15                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1674                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1447                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       184960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       579072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 764032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3889                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    223040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002573                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050658                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10468     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     27      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10495                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2170500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7739999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
