
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10855081672875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              118254834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                221294213                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              285906124                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    53.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6314788412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11817076054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9969472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9994240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9922880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9922880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155045                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1622286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652993207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654615493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1622286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1622286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649941465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649941465                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649941465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1622286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652993207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304556957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156161                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155045                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156161                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155045                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9994240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9923072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9994304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9922880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267329000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156161                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155045                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    715.628629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   552.878549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.203932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2064      7.42%      7.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2889     10.38%     17.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1780      6.40%     24.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1638      5.89%     30.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1666      5.99%     36.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1395      5.01%     41.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1542      5.54%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1441      5.18%     51.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13417     48.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.073851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.646690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             50      0.52%      0.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           103      1.06%      1.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9373     96.79%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           111      1.15%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             8      0.08%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.009767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.189282                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9647     99.63%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.10%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894976000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5822976000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18538.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37288.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142543                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140833                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49058.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                100059960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53183130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560996940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406267380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         758465760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1525261290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62979840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2096269620                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       326202720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1564556400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7454358480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.255090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11706757250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43338500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6311634125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    849459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4596982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98660520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52435515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553985460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403057080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1513516440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63840000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079902070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       314612640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1584401880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7414364325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.635502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11781869500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6401282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    819244250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124480875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4561342750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1334858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1334858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1326446                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4390                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1326446                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286333                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40113                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5099                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351579                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319187                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          912                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2659                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52934                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          279                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             77763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5829579                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1334858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413462                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1123                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28799955     94.43%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39973      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42912      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224914      0.74%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27746      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8932      0.03%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9738      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25116      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1320664      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043716                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  430471                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28587952                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   640547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               833521                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7459                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11687811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7459                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707123                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 273179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17444                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1196272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28298473                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11651438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28005172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14828306                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24656734                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13393497                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           310897                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14542284                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  286022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5056158                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1327996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21086                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11584897                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11518313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       272771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           814                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27377571     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470175      1.54%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             568448      1.86%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347053      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             340199      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1085880      3.56%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119483      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166139      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25002      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73292     94.19%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  391      0.50%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   872      1.12%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  214      0.28%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2797      3.59%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             245      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4590      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9753656     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 121      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  344      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84111      0.73%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308151      2.68%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279240     11.11%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46550      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41550      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11518313                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377221                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77811                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006755                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53233084                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11563098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11305095                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             383575                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210467                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       187997                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11398094                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193440                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2547                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          231                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          788                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7459                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  64010                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               174641                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11585838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              882                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1327996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               414                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               174094                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           231                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7126                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11501596                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351424                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1670570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305486                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319146                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376673                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11496655                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11493092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8392956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11793880                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7295                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27442958     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339153      1.11%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322450      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1166565      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64295      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       750010      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72649      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22343      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289382      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5634369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11398329                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       336945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298062                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11300586                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2369      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9663086     84.78%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82035      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292624      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272527     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44321      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41002      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11398329                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41766606                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23203081                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34738                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5634369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11398329                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.419362                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.419362                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184524                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184524                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13149380                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8721628                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290146                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145721                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6511363                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5782293                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4289388                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155830                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.643618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6800286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6800286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159257                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154304                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    392666500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392666500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936238997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936238997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14328905497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14328905497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14328905497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14328905497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117470                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96978.636700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96978.636700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90316.770771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90316.770771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90487.111056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90487.111056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90487.111056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90487.111056                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16993                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.871658                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154751                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13780718997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13780718997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944925997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944925997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13944925997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13944925997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106351.683938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106351.683938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89316.993953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89316.993953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89485.773304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89485.773304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89485.773304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89485.773304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            18.149725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           211784                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          211784                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61216.125420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61216.125420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61216.125420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61216.125420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61216.125420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61216.125420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              728                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          161                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45589500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45589500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45589500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62280.737705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62280.737705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62280.737705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62280.737705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62280.737705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62280.737705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156806                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.877276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.315202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16286.807523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          728                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              728                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            341                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                341                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154267                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              387                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549014500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549014500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40882500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40882500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161431000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161431000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40882500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710445500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13751328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40882500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710445500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13751328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          728                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          728                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154286                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          728                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            728                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1544                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531593                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531593                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976036                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87828.339826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87828.339826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105639.534884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105639.534884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107120.769741                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107120.769741                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105639.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88014.980035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88058.657411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105639.534884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88014.980035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88058.657411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155045                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155045                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12006344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12006344500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37012500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37012500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146361000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37012500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152705500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12189718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37012500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152705500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12189718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77828.339826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77828.339826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95639.534884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95639.534884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97120.769741                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97120.769741                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95639.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78014.980035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78058.657411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95639.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78014.980035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78058.657411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312427                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156281                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19917184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19917184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19917184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156161    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821304500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313124                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          124                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            622                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          622                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154286                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19877184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19970368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156810                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9923136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048733                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312626     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    746      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233747499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
