
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               519089700250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4260645                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8051136                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               55987007                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1161853908                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2195499738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         256832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             256960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       221632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          221632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16822310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16830694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14516736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14516736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14516736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16822310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             31347430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4015                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4015                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 256960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  221184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  256960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               221632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15263666000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4015                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3463                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.057454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.532376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.171732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4004     87.14%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          274      5.96%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           87      1.89%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      1.02%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      1.04%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.04%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.57%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.63%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           32      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.772021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.494326                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.810600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             5      2.59%      2.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            77     39.90%     42.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            63     32.64%     75.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            28     14.51%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             6      3.11%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             1      0.52%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.55%     94.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.04%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.55%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.04%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             2      1.04%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.906736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.901728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.410292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8      4.15%      4.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.04%      5.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              183     94.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    273990250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               349271500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     68241.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                86991.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       91                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2785                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  2.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2041142.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 11395440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  6060615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                10010280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                7161840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         846359280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            320521830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             38124480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1992293070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1654139040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1483660140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6370640535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            417.272348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14460619625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63870750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     359166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5786401750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4307613000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     381242750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4369049875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 21412860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11377410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                18656820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10878480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1213914000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            463183710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             47276640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3317258070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1976224800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        548380440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7629473760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            499.725014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14120483625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     75150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     515078000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1705338500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5146551125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     550661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7274564750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13301070                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13301070                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1072986                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11105060                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 995636                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214217                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11105060                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3686335                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7418725                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       764692                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10044612                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7572293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       132082                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        40496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9041206                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10281                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9765926                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59957777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13301070                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4681971                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19635509                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2158292                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                6181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        47678                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  9030925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               266567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.754710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.574790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12244022     40.10%     40.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  866281      2.84%     42.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1259725      4.13%     47.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1429430      4.68%     51.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1127058      3.69%     55.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1139202      3.73%     59.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1046533      3.43%     62.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  887001      2.90%     65.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10535188     34.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.963596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8669184                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4087948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15768031                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               930131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1079146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109162788                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1079146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9420915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3213201                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15882467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               921788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             104148797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 58288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                810523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110815070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            262348028                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       156636285                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3097319                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69495226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41319810                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               995                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1299                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   848836                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11927514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8958700                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           491596                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          194204                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93925149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              61245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83909591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           449327                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28953806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42162176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         61221                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.748031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.519576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9595347     31.42%     31.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2865384      9.38%     40.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3138073     10.28%     51.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3130504     10.25%     61.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3181696     10.42%     71.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2805959      9.19%     80.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3128795     10.25%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1662256      5.44%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1026426      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 819759     73.56%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                15354      1.38%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                105222      9.44%     84.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85981      7.72%     92.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1064      0.10%     92.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86975      7.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507997      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63595434     75.79%     76.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73619      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                88044      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1162025      1.38%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10198938     12.15%     90.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7624942      9.09%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         381631      0.45%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        276961      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83909591                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.748009                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1114355                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013280                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         196019743                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119948691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78469208                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3897559                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           2992574                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1773175                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82547845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1968104                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1255153                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4146279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10578                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2602                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2574406                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1079146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3276080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 1218                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93986394                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            12343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11927514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8958700                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21690                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    92                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1329                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2602                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        307265                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108348                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1415613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81371514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10037285                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2538075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17602036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8822935                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7564751                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.664888                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80832944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80242383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 56074338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87875078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.627909                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638114                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28954648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1078472                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26180210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.484036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9171080     35.03%     35.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3814644     14.57%     49.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2675932     10.22%     59.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3619122     13.82%     73.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1134191      4.33%     77.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1173049      4.48%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       830092      3.17%     85.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470662      1.80%     87.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3291438     12.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26180210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34339607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65032573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14165526                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7781229                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7556506                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1325148                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64037150                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              470863                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       263912      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49469703     76.07%     76.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          55295      0.09%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77133      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1001004      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7501179     11.53%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6384297      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       280050      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65032573                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3291438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116875993                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  192415541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             24                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34339607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65032573                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.889197                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.889197                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.124610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.124610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117733591                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62871392                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2503868                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1233243                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41060921                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21482473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35734936                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             519826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4899                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           106.108594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          507                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60184007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60184007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8653603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8653603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6384080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6384080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15037683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15037683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15037683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15037683                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    224544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224544500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    451720500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    451720500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    676265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    676265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    676265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    676265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8657267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8657267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6387510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6387510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15044777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15044777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15044777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15044777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61283.979258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61283.979258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131696.938776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131696.938776                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95329.151396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95329.151396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95329.151396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95329.151396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127843500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    443275500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443275500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    571119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    571119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84833.112143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84833.112143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130644.120248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130644.120248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116554.897959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116554.897959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116554.897959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116554.897959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             844169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           581.784287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36125152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36125152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      9029419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        9029419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      9029419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         9029419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      9029419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        9029419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      9030925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9030925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      9030925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      9030925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      9030925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      9030925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13191.235060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13191.235060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13191.235060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13191.235060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13191.235060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13191.235060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           54                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12464.187328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12464.187328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12464.187328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12464.187328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12464.187328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12464.187328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4021                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.338473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       44.739168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        20.615041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16318.645791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    105589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   105589                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3710                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3710                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1451                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1451                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1449                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1449                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           882                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               882                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 886                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3389                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4015                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    438725000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     438725000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       704000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    115675000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    115675000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        555104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    554400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       555104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3710                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3710                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1451                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1451                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1451                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1451                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998821                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001378                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001378                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.414343                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.819147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.632283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.819147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.632283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129455.591620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129455.591620                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       352000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 185376.602564                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185376.602564                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138151.009220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138257.534247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       352000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 138151.009220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138257.534247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3463                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3389                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    404835000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404835000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       684000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    109435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    514270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    514954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    514270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.414343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.632283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.632283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 119455.591620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119455.591620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       342000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 175376.602564                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175376.602564                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128151.009220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128257.534247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       342000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 128151.009220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128257.534247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8032                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4018                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              553                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       478592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       478592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  478592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4016    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12702                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6350                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            7                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7173                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1451                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3393                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1452                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1506                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 19053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       185728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       550976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4022                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    221696                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040452                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10356     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     17      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7349000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
