
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2839726007250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               34580323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 64074614                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94682458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3428828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   161.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5576002591                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10331894021                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         277568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             278080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        63424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           63424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             33536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          18180503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              18214039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4154226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4154226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4154226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            33536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         18180503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             22368265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        991                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      991                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 278080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   63488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  278080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                63424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15272608000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4345                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  991                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     83.140770                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.934434                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    95.376876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3626     88.31%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          397      9.67%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15      0.37%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           10      0.24%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           11      0.27%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.29%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.22%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.17%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           19      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      73.428571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     58.154698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     58.206797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31            14     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             8     14.29%     39.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             3      5.36%     44.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             2      3.57%     48.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             2      3.57%     51.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             4      7.14%     58.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             8     14.29%     73.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             4      7.14%     80.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95             1      1.79%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      1.79%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111            1      1.79%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127            1      1.79%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159            1      1.79%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            1      1.79%     91.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            1      1.79%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::208-215            1      1.79%     94.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::240-247            2      3.57%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::248-255            1      1.79%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.714286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.699663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.706188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                8     14.29%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               48     85.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            56                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    417498250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               498967000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   21725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     96087.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               114837.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        18.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     18.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     837                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  9.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2862182.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 13273260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7051110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14058660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3617460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         875862000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            248028660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             41604480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1930836240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1711685280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1555227480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             6402186060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            419.338557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14612486375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69426500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     372090000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5921160750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4457519375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     212919000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4234228500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16065000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8531160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                16964640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1560780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1085454240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            294043620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             53840640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2307756720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2115424320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1121242500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7022229990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            459.950986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14478767875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     93972000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     461260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3909520375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5508954250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     232756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5060881500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7467247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7467247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           370662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6009449                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 283592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             39587                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6009449                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3041526                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2967923                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       147434                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3732906                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     364899                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       720850                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6486                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6012405                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        26944                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6179673                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      22551291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7467247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3325118                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     23770735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 757634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       194924                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5985461                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                69668                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30531345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.490492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.800461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22007516     72.08%     72.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  127042      0.42%     72.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 2784872      9.12%     81.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  164025      0.54%     82.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  585332      1.92%     84.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  342596      1.12%     85.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  381838      1.25%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  132475      0.43%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4005649     13.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30531345                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.244550                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.738547                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3442885                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20698248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  4723936                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1287459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                378817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              39015397                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                378817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 3970878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               16654857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        123851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  5236310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4166632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              37310809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               3716886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 90943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                105447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           44322550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            102566794                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        49945954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           281854                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             16021867                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                28300685                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              2078                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          2561                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  7663530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             6365205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             536689                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            35642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           33721                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  34862998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              32084                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 25457924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            50111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       21557242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43366643                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         32083                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30531345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.833829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.582228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21158826     69.30%     69.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3150230     10.32%     79.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1928464      6.32%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1414556      4.63%     90.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1470402      4.82%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             604353      1.98%     97.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             463844      1.52%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             204699      0.67%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             135971      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30531345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  89794     75.36%     75.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 8363      7.02%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 17788     14.93%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2047      1.72%     99.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              921      0.77%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             239      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           114715      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             20775157     81.61%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                6914      0.03%     82.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74215      0.29%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             106059      0.42%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3966468     15.58%     98.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             393396      1.55%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          20117      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           883      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              25457924                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.833738                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     119152                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004680                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          81351006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         56214839                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     24131359                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             265449                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            237514                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       116405                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              25325680                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 136681                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           38208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3990932                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1109                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       316405                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          321                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         8267                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                378817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               13529037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               655183                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34895082                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            23002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6365205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              536689                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             11918                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                32473                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        183575                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       247079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              430654                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             24794967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3731042                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           662956                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4095818                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2934156                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    364776                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.812026                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      24364491                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     24247764                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18115428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 29115038                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.794106                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622202                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       21558848                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           378801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27435052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21885382     79.77%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2474160      9.02%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       631528      2.30%     91.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1618258      5.90%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       310199      1.13%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       169939      0.62%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        42129      0.15%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        25070      0.09%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       278387      1.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27435052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6680604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              13337841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2594557                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2374273                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2275332                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     88138                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 13248967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               38829                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        26363      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10576523     79.30%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1553      0.01%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           63521      0.48%     79.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         75324      0.56%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2361459     17.70%     98.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        220284      1.65%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        12814      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         13337841                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               278387                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    62053354                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   72903167                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            675                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           3343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6680604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     13337841                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.570648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.570648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.218787                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.218787                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                26027982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               21003224                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   206246                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  102767                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 15344078                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6858591                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12668088                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1186528                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1876850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1186528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.581800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16723204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16723204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1665227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1665227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       211740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        211740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1876967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1876967                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1876967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1876967                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1998658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1998658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8544                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2007202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2007202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2007202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2007202                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27298531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27298531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    445953489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    445953489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27744484989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  27744484989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27744484989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  27744484989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3663885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3663885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       220284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3884169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3884169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3884169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3884169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.545502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13658.430557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13658.430557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52194.930829                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52194.930829                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13822.467788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13822.467788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13822.467788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13822.467788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        44003                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             4120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.680340                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1166586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1166586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       820623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       820623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       820672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       820672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       820672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       820672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1178035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1178035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8495                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1186530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1186530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1186530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1186530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14815641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14815641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    432590489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432590489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15248231489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248231489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15248231489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15248231489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038564                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038564                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12576.571155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12576.571155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50922.953384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50922.953384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12851.113321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12851.113321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12851.113321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12851.113321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              67921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           580.521368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          494                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23941961                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        23941961                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5985336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        5985336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5985336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         5985336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5985336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        5985336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2893000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2893000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2893000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5985461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5985461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5985461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      5985461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5985461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      5985461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        23144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        23144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        23144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        23144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        23144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              117                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      2589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22128.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22128.205128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22128.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22128.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 22128.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22128.205128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu4.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu4.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu4.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu4.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu4.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu4.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu4.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu4.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu4.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu4.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu4.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu4.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu4.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu4.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu4.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu4.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu4.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu4.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu4.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu4.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu4.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu4.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu4.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu4.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu4.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu4.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu4.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu4.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu4.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu4.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu4.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu4.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu4.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu4.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu4.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu4.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu4.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu4.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu4.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu4.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu4.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu4.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu4.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu4.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu4.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu4.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu4.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu4.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu4.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu4.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu5.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu5.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu5.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu5.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu5.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu5.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu5.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu5.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu5.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu5.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu5.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu5.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu5.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu5.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu5.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu5.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu5.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu5.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu5.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu5.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu5.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu5.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu5.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu5.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu5.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu5.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu5.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu5.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu5.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu5.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu5.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu5.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu5.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu5.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu5.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu5.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu5.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu5.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu5.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu5.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu5.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu5.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu5.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu5.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu5.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu5.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu5.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu5.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu5.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu5.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4354                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                       131072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.923519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       86.607373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        92.315982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     130893.076645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       128228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  18964778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 18964778                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1166587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1166587                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          117                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              117                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              6384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                109                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       1175809                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1175809                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data              1182193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1182302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 109                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data             1182193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1182302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2111                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         2226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2226                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    351725500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     351725500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1258000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1258000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    368922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    368922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    720648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        721906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    720648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       721906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1166587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1166587                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          117                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          117                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8495                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            117                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1178035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1178035                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          1186530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1186647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         1186530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1186647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.248499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.068376                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001890                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.068376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.003655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.003662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.068376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.003655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.003662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166615.585031                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166615.585031                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       157250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       157250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165733.378257                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165733.378257                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       157250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166162.785335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166146.375144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       157250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 166162.785335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166146.375144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  991                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       991                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2111                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2226                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    330615500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    330615500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1178000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1178000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    346662500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346662500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1178000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    678456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    677278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    678456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.068376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156615.585031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156615.585031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       147250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155733.378257                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155733.378257                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156162.785335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156146.375144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       147250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156162.785335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156146.375144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8693                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4348                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          991                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3357                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2111                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        13038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        13038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       341504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       341504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  341504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4345    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer12.occupancy           13758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer12.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24026250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2373293                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1186646                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         3240                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1178150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1167578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           23305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           117                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1178035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3559587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3559938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    150599360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              150614336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     63424                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1191001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052135                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1187755     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3246      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1191001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2353350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             15.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            176997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1779792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            11.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
