
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6610760006125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69622050                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129424606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182638787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5819921274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10819003321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12490688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12490688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         818131032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             818131032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1601326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        818131032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            819732358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195168                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        382                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12487872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12490752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267438500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  382                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.444764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.434151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.761617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41933     43.04%     43.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44490     45.67%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9483      9.73%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1366      1.40%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          119      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8213.434783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8083.084977                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1482.493686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     13.04%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     17.39%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.35%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      8.70%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     17.39%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     17.39%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.70%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4773574500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8432130750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  975615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24464.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43214.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       817.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    818.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97757                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78074.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346654140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184262430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               692258700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1325880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1627157910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24462240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5173936740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110960160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9366327240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.487661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11635941500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288961250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3112092625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11346980250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348860400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185438880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               700919520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 595080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642010400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24360960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5208958110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        69062400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385514790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.744432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11603197500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    179855500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11423780625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1353179                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1353179                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1035396                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  38174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5450                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1035396                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            579549                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          455847                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17272                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     654848                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      41595                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141352                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          704                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1126018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3532                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1150344                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3926625                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1353179                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            617723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29231102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 110724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36500                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1122486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5929                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30477375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.259274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.283416                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28937354     94.95%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16969      0.06%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  565542      1.86%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21938      0.07%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  111314      0.37%     97.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   58408      0.19%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78682      0.26%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   18623      0.06%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  668545      2.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30477375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.044316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.128596                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  552324                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28877919                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   704098                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               287672                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6508137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  635952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27705900                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   835294                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1231625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6250207                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                982496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                195370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7475897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17405032                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8174339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            31585                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2821783                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4654112                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               217                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           276                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1854405                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1126956                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              59097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3625                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5948727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4319533                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5751                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3603997                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7504648                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3516                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30477375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.141729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.680903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28651410     94.01%     94.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             757455      2.49%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             387837      1.27%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             261438      0.86%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             247417      0.81%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72287      0.24%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              61859      0.20%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              21543      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16129      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30477375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8979     63.53%     63.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  944      6.68%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3867     27.36%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  213      1.51%     99.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              117      0.83%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              13      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13459      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3557437     82.36%     82.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 679      0.02%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8616      0.20%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11895      0.28%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              680505     15.75%     98.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              44540      1.03%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2355      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            47      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4319533                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.141463                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14133                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39106484                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9529120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4150674                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29841                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27126                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13099                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4304829                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15378                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       686588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1367                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25934710                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258692                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5952243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1126956                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               59097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1301                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15015                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                57602                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         29494                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31578                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61072                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4247710                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               654584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            71823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      696175                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  523935                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     41591                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.139111                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4177050                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4163773                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3024206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4862335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.136362                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621966                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3604538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55357                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29969634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.509738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28932719     96.54%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       479339      1.60%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118815      0.40%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       317829      1.06%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49677      0.17%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25978      0.09%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4689      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3645      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36943      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29969634                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1176178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2348247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        464963                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       440368                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    421627                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9852                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2338227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3024      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1864264     79.39%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            174      0.01%     79.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7398      0.32%     79.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8424      0.36%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         438940     18.69%     98.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24595      1.05%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1428      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2348247                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36943                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35885476                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12414585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          57313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1176178                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2348247                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.960941                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.960941                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4298355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3604343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    23262                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11613                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2782287                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1190923                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2241331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           231571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             261000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           231571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.127084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2917079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2917079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       238319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         238319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       261988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          261988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       261988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         261988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34247200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34247200500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33702999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     33702999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34280903499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34280903499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34280903499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34280903499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       646782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       646782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       671377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       671377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       671377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       671377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.631531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037650                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.609775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.609775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.609775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83844.070332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83844.070332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36396.327214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36396.327214                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83736.747932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83736.747932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83736.747932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83736.747932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18429                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              872                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.134174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2286                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       230648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       231571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       231571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19229183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19229183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32631999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32631999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19261814999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19261814999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19261814999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19261814999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83370.256842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83370.256842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35354.278440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35354.278440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83178.873862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83178.873862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83178.873862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83178.873862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4489944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4489944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1122486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1122486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1122486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1122486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1122486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1122486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1122486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195171                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      276163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.414980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.979452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.020548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3897611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3897611                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2286                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         35721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             35721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 240                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23764500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23764500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18481684000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18481684000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18505448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18505448500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18505448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18505448500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2286                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               923                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       230648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        230648                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           231571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               231571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          231571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              231571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.260022                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.845128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.842796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.842796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.842796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.842796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99018.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99018.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94813.360899                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94813.360899                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94818.532334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94818.532334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94818.532334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94818.532334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21364500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21364500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16532414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16532414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16553778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16553778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16553778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16553778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.845128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.842796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.842796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.842796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89018.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89018.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84813.360899                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84813.360899                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84818.532334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84818.532334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84818.532334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84818.532334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        390327                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195167                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       585494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       585494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 585494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12515136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12515136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12515136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195168    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461164500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1054836000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       463142                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       231571                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          601                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            230648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2668                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424074                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             923                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       230648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       694713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                694713                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14966848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14966848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195171                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037966                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426129     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    612      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426742                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233857000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         347356500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
