
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               290079538375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2331043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4396830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54692031                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   279.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   650713460                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1227380164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         245696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       207552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          207552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3842                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16092910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16105486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13594506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13594506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13594506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16092910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29699992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3842                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3243                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3842                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3243                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 245888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  207168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  245888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               207552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15264641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3842                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3243                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.269977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.671780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.000050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3894     87.90%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          252      5.69%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78      1.76%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      1.11%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      0.70%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      0.77%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.68%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.45%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.076923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.785703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.939405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             4      2.20%      2.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            57     31.32%     33.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            77     42.31%     75.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            23     12.64%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             4      2.20%     90.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.20%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             4      2.20%     95.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.65%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.55%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.55%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.55%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             2      1.10%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.785714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.774444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.615827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               19     10.44%     10.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.55%     10.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              162     89.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    377180000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               449217500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     98172.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               116922.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       53                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2154501.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20327580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10808160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                17357340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11316960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1316558880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            518513040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52271040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3395522490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2251607520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        323264820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7918878210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.680796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13988337500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85440750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     558720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    681293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5863434625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     632313750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7446141750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11302620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6003690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                10074540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5580180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1148147520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            380130720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             49960320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2554891050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2287027680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        812871660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7266887250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            475.975860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14294911250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     487564000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2742971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5955824250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     392141750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5602879625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13200169                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13200169                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1075751                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10961617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 989553                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            211005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10961617                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3602700                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7358917                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       774408                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9935761                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7458656                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134223                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        46706                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8926997                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14527                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9644513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59531494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13200169                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4592253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19730936                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2169436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        66343                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8912471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               263880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.729672                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.579179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12386545     40.57%     40.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  865735      2.84%     43.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1233463      4.04%     47.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1426994      4.67%     52.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1111280      3.64%     55.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1107656      3.63%     59.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1026924      3.36%     62.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  881795      2.89%     65.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10494029     34.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432301                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.949635                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8552025                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4358415                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15589997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               949266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1084718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108339496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1084718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9317272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3255805                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          5688                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15710070                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1160868                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103262755                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 72516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1033902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109826159                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260010978                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155215888                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3142524                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68232248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41594016                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1000                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   920209                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11841756                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8864192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           486694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          198075                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92977435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              57305                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82882566                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           453460                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29199228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42493218                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.714398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.526306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9883172     32.37%     32.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2828993      9.26%     41.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3074602     10.07%     51.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3075473     10.07%     61.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3142612     10.29%     72.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2775233      9.09%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3078572     10.08%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1646207      5.39%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1029557      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534421                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 803257     73.71%     73.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14253      1.31%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                103255      9.47%     84.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                82650      7.58%     92.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              610      0.06%     92.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           85783      7.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           507701      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62779264     75.74%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               74103      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                86532      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1157829      1.40%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10089829     12.17%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7522168      9.08%     99.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         390367      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        274773      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82882566                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.714374                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1089808                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193946820                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119187971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77377769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3896000                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3047110                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1770103                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81497852                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1966821                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1236306                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4199649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10803                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2995                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2611877                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1084718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3300477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 5445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93034740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16283                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11841756                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8864192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5280                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2995                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        301418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126427                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1427845                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80295695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9929274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2586870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17380064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8690955                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7450790                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.629655                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79753476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79147872                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55303231                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86667079                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.592064                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29199795                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             22                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1084011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26152790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.440871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.735680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9439563     36.09%     36.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3768119     14.41%     50.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2624291     10.03%     60.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3554205     13.59%     74.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1115869      4.27%     78.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1144277      4.38%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       808762      3.09%     85.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       462795      1.77%     87.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3234909     12.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26152790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33706969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63835586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13894433                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7642123                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7429142                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1298372                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62860262                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              461120                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       258586      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48572117     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54105      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           75565      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        980780      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7367737     11.54%     89.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6252310      9.79%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       274386      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63835586                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3234909                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115953262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190536403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33706969                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63835586                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.905886                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.905886                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.103891                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.103891                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116090253                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62035552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2495153                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1233672                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40422824                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21177277                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35279757                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1254917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           243.012587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59288800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59288800                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8560824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8560824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6252123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6252123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14812947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14812947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14812947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14812947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3323                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    265100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    265100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    523200500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    523200500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    788301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8565463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8565463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6255446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6255446                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14820909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14820909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14820909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14820909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57146.044406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57146.044406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157448.239543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157448.239543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99007.912585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99007.912585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99007.912585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99007.912585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2797                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    149220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    517888500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517888500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    667108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    667108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    667108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    667108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000528                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80139.634801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80139.634801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 156793.369664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156793.369664                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129159.438529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129159.438529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 129159.438529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129159.438529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              552                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             151637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           274.704710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          997                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35650437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35650437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8911893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8911893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8911893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8911893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8911893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8911893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8912471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8912471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8912471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8912471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8912471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8912471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14051.903114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14051.903114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14051.903114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14051.903114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14051.903114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14051.903114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13363.471971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13363.471971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13363.471971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13363.471971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13363.471971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13363.471971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3849                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4985                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.295142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.827212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        24.912646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16310.260143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     95209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    95209                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          552                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              552                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            549                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                549                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1322                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1322                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3299                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             540                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512891000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     512891000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132465500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    132465500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    645356500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        646149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    645356500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       646149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          552                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          552                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            552                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1862                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1862                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999091                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005435                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.005435                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.290011                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.005435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.743416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.672148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.005435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.743416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.672148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 155468.626857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155468.626857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 245306.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 245306.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168105.365981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168180.504945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168105.365981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168180.504945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3299                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          540                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          540                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479901000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479901000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    127065500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127065500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606966500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    607729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    606966500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    607729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.743416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.672148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.743416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.672148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 145468.626857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 145468.626857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 235306.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235306.481481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158105.365981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158180.504945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158105.365981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158180.504945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7681                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3839                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       453440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       453440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  453440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3842    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21133750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11434                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5715                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           15                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       583424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 654080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3850                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    207616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.054023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9539     99.71%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     28      0.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9567                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10221000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            829500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7746500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
