
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10732942919875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60429219                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                113016877                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              147133415                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   103.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6270454549                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11727229404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10003328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10027648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9956864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9956864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1592942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655210750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656803693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1592942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1592942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652167392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652167392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652167392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1592942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655210750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308971085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155576                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10027648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9956544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10027648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9956864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267300000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.426754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.260795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   363.881824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2233      8.12%      8.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2329      8.47%     16.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2167      7.88%     24.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1394      5.07%     29.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1225      4.45%     33.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1513      5.50%     39.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1359      4.94%     44.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1552      5.64%     50.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13738     49.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.125566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.629148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.48%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           102      1.05%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9418     96.93%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            99      1.02%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            27      0.28%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.204841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9677     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2896693000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5834480500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18487.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37237.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48893.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98389200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52295100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560989800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406293480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1516364730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64465440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2081108190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       323528640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1576304280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7432058220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.794439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11688516500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46733750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318864000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6367745875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    842558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127687000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4563755500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98025060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52105350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557719680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405787140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1522705980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65682720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074549200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       317784480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1578695940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7424282160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.285113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11756901250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50191000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6379715750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    827613500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141830750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4549601125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1295028                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1295028                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1286404                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4296                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               890                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1286404                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1246031                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40373                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5215                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351545                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1278891                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          920                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2700                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53415                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78789                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5675351                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1295028                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1250327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30411879                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15254                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1292                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2178                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.375080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.641503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28838999     94.55%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40084      0.13%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42995      0.14%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224884      0.74%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27770      0.09%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9183      0.03%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9853      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25042      0.08%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1280965      4.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.185866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  410230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28647345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642605                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               791968                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7627                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11370733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7627                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  687758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283561                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         15821                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1155890                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28349118                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11333681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28054941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14432929                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23982751                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13037040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           314013                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14139721                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  293214                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4917778                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1287727                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20480                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19956                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11265199                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                874                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11196316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189688                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       278812                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           747                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.367095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.240980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27456229     90.02%     90.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471861      1.55%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             548081      1.80%     93.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348670      1.14%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319372      1.05%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1044884      3.43%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119413      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166223      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25042      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73011     94.23%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  495      0.64%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   748      0.97%     95.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  236      0.30%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2753      3.55%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             242      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4620      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9471376     84.59%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 114      0.00%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  339      0.00%     84.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84731      0.76%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308013      2.75%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1238897     11.07%     99.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46664      0.42%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41562      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11196316                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.366675                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77485                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006921                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52586781                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11243330                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10982067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             385245                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            212645                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188670                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11074883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194298                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26226                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          226                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14561                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           20                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          464                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7627                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  61511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               182925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11266073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1287727                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               387                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               182338                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           226                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7326                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11179136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1630260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1264971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1278871                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.366113                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11174397                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11170737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8150641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11428978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.365838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.713156                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7455                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.363525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.264752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27521864     90.33%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340168      1.12%     91.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323417      1.06%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1125862      3.70%     96.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64661      0.21%     96.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       708720      2.33%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72847      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22303      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289544      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5473502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11076387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1610230                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337064                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1257742                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10978203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2360      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9380829     84.69%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82603      0.75%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292755      2.64%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1232170     11.12%     99.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44309      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11076387                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41446224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22563682                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            329                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5473502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11076387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.578638                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.578638                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.179255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.179255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12786518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8479456                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291318                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146427                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6309029                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5621558                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4168251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156354                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1451185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.281406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6640482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6640482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1118324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1118324                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1462106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1462106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1462106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1462106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    395805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    395805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13974805995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13974805995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14370610995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14370610995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14370610995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14370610995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1273178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1273178                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1621032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1621032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1621032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1621032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121628                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97201.620825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97201.620825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90245.043686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90245.043686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90423.285019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.285019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90423.285019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90423.285019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17726                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   101.873563                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155291                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13819092997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13819092997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13982618997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13982618997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13982618997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13982618997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121621                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121621                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108223.692919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108223.692919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89244.683374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89244.683374                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89428.093562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89428.093562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89428.093562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89428.093562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.181564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          814                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           213582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          213582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56853500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56853500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56853500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     56853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56853500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64459.750567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64459.750567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64459.750567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64459.750567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64459.750567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64459.750567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          164                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46414500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46414500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46414500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46414500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46414500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46414500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64644.150418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64644.150418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64644.150418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64644.150418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64644.150418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64644.150418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157310                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.645936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.302694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.051369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6091                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2670254                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2670254                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          715                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              715                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            336                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                336                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154824                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154824                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              380                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1477                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1477                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156681                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13586573500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13586573500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41789000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41789000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160840500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    160840500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13747414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13789203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13747414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13789203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          715                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          715                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            716                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1511                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.530726                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977498                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.530726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.530726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87754.957242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87754.957242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109971.052632                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109971.052632                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108896.750169                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108896.750169                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109971.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.741172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88008.137553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109971.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87954.741172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88008.137553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155576                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154824                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          380                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12038333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12038333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37989000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37989000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146070500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146070500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12184404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12184404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12222393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.530726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.530726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77754.957242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77754.957242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99971.052632                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99971.052632                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98896.750169                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98896.750169                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99971.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.741172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78008.137553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99971.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77954.741172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78008.137553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313469                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156801                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19984512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19984512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19984512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156682    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936384500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824057250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314144                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157070                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          105                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            593                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          593                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        91648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19945280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20036928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157312                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9956992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313686     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    698      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1077000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
