
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7511533309500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66728585                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124153240                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              173016470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5888270832                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10955545736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12870464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12870464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        21376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           21376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          201101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              201101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         843006085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             843006085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1400113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1400113                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1400113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        843006085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            844406198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      201101                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        334                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    201101                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      334                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12867648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   20480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12870464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                21376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     44                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267352500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                201101                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  334                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.448519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.729482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.706171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39471     40.57%     40.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45738     47.01%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10400     10.69%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1508      1.55%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          153      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9445.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9288.857052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1752.813209                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.00%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2     10.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4     20.00%     35.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     15.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     15.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4783443750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8553262500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1005285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23791.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42541.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       842.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    843.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   103794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     279                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      75792.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346682700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184258635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               713607300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 944820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1645265670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24422400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5089833810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       166574880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9376284615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.139862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11596031875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9438000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    433791000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151936000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11162579125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348067860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184987275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               721939680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 725580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1656639450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24384960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5076815580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       167997120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9386251905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.792712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11571330875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9390000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    437237750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3176982500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11134133875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1522656                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1522656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            66005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1257739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6981                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1257739                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            634198                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          623541                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        21341                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     686542                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      47386                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133718                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          814                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1244678                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5905                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1274229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4446450                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1522656                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            677039                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29054268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 135822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1327                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54069                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1238773                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6749                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30454321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.293466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.368272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28733983     94.35%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23937      0.08%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  613973      2.02%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24735      0.08%     96.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  124560      0.41%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   58143      0.19%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77493      0.25%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22674      0.07%     97.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  774823      2.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30454321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.049866                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.145620                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  641403                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28628305                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   828161                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               288541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 67911                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7230528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 67911                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  727719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27431656                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   955535                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1252015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6925497                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                953677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                251746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   376                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8248771                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19232494                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9078166                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            30792                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2669606                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5579152                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           356                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1853141                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1251337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              71512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4094                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6572465                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4069                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4617424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4775                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4348762                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9034974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4069                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30454321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.151618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.709403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28550606     93.75%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             762799      2.50%     96.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             398545      1.31%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             263487      0.87%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             290918      0.96%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              80207      0.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              68537      0.23%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22631      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16591      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30454321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8712     64.87%     64.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  887      6.61%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3444     25.65%     97.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  231      1.72%     98.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              108      0.80%     99.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17262      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3809347     82.50%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1321      0.03%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7526      0.16%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              10987      0.24%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              717363     15.54%     98.84% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              51343      1.11%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2085      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           190      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4617424                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.151219                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13429                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002908                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39679591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10898140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4421212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              27782                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27160                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        11925                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4599273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14318                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       826989                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          148                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        50392                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1148                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 67911                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25456133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267884                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6576534                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1251337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               71512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1538                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20857                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                73525                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         34392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        40376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               74768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4532576                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               686338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84848                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      733712                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  524119                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     47374                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148440                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4448681                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4433137                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3284292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5108130                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.642954                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4349517                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            67909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29836160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.074666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.495904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28849103     96.69%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       463462      1.55%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105169      0.35%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       294239      0.99%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        57344      0.19%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26506      0.09%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5016      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3326      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31995      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29836160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1114879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2227761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        445465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       424345                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    403241                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8434                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2219249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2522      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1766348     79.29%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            149      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6065      0.27%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7212      0.32%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         423123     18.99%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         21120      0.95%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1222      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2227761                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                31995                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36381443                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13774166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            579                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80368                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1114879                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2227761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.388343                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.388343                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4419837                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3865667                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21284                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10565                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2719702                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1178127                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2383885                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222649                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             296592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.332106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3024085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3024085                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       276953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         276953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        20283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       297236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          297236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       297236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         297236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       402286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       402286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          837                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       403123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        403123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       403123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       403123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35321640500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35321640500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29293998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29293998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35350934498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35350934498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35350934498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35350934498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       679239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       679239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        21120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       700359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       700359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       700359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       700359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.592260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.575595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.575595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87802.311042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87802.311042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34998.802867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34998.802867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87692.675680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87692.675680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87692.675680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87692.675680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17904                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              703                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.467994                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19486005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19486005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27758498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27758498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19513763498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19513763498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19513763498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19513763498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.326574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039157                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87845.231762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87845.231762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33565.293833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33565.293833                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87643.616176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87643.616176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87643.616176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87643.616176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4955092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4955092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1238773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1238773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1238773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1238773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    201105                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      242492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    201105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.205798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.866236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.133764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3761289                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3761289                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1908                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   627                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         20922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             20922                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                21549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               21549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 200                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200900                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             201100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 201100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            201100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                201100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19628500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19628500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18910922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18910922000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18930550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18930550500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18930550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18930550500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1908                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               827                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221822                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.241838                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.905681                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.903215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.903215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.903215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.903215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98142.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98142.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94131.020408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94131.020408                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94135.009945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94135.009945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94135.009945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94135.009945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  334                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       334                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            200                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200900                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200900                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        201100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            201100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           201100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17628500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17628500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16901912000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16901912000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16919540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16919540500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16919540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16919540500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.241838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.905681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.903215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.903215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.903215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88142.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88142.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84130.970632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84130.970632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84134.960219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84134.960219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84134.960219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84134.960219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        402196                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       201101                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           200761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              200                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       603297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       603297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 603297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12891840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            201101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  201101    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              201101                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           473324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1085313250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       445298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222649                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          421512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             827                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221822                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       667947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                667947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14371648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14371648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          201105                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     21376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           423754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001298                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036069                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423205     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    548      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             423754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224557000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         333973500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
