
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9267277883875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               74591959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                139005276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              189234496                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    80.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6018039296                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11214873602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12543040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12543040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                292                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         821560050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             821560050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1224050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1224050                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1224050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        821560050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            822784100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        292                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      292                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12540800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12543040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     35                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267316000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  292                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.194021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.325620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.154953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42149     43.02%     43.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44857     45.79%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9529      9.73%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1294      1.32%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      0.12%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10569.055556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10308.217699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2319.862026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.56%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      5.56%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      5.56%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.11%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     11.11%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4811623250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8485685750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  979750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24555.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43305.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       821.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    821.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98013                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77784.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348503400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185211180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697463760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 861300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639897410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24508800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5173383840                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       100651680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9375175770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.067234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11608102750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140041250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11346020125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351038100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186581175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               701619240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 642060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1648023330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24421920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5183781210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        85140000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9386556075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.812635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11587644500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9294500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    221425500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3159636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11367128125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1159852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1159852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            44267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              887927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  30339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         887927                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            504778                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          383149                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        13510                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     582383                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      37918                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134035                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     985300                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3802                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1004243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3355996                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1159852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            535117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29390606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  91166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36039                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   981498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30480541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.221443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.185476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29149959     95.63%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13218      0.04%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  501478      1.65%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19273      0.06%     97.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   98906      0.32%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   46691      0.15%     97.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72880      0.24%     98.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15744      0.05%     98.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  562392      1.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30480541                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.037985                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.109908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  469016                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29120121                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   579334                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               266487                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 45583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5586689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 45583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  544009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28034379                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   702170                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1146116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5376010                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                60901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                934913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                151896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6418518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             14991971                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7014461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27017                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2562248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3856269                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               193                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           241                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1744821                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              973501                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              55180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3559                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3650                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5138843                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3224                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3778894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3009485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6245372                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3224                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30480541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.123977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.627535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28827915     94.58%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             711260      2.33%     96.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             357159      1.17%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             241896      0.79%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             205578      0.67%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              56935      0.19%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              50610      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16523      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              12665      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30480541                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7137     63.52%     63.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     63.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     63.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  756      6.73%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     70.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2976     26.49%     96.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  182      1.62%     98.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              100      0.89%     99.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              85      0.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            11504      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3106032     82.19%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 818      0.02%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6557      0.17%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9616      0.25%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              601586     15.92%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              40584      1.07%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1860      0.05%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           337      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3778894                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.123757                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      11236                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38029857                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8127462                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3645769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24889                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24094                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10587                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3765845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12781                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3186                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       567954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        36690                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1424                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 45583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26366468                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               239679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5142067                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               973501                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               55180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11801                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                44340                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         24835                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               50422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3724267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               582234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            54627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      620139                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  473610                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     37905                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.121968                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3666997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3656356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2606208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4238795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.119744                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.614846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3010043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            45582                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30057981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.070949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.474889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29092076     96.79%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       449781      1.50%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       113558      0.38%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       305129      1.02%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41491      0.14%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21166      0.07%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3447      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2842      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28491      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30057981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1068061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2132582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        424037                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       405547                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    389470                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7390                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2125034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3275                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2290      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1694177     79.44%     79.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            131      0.01%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5623      0.26%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6324      0.30%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         404481     18.97%     99.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18490      0.87%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1066      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2132582                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                28491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35172115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10708724                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            398                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          54147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1068061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2132582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.588899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.588899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3801060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3148681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18928                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9382                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2512191                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1057412                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1981512                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           219668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             210670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           219668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.959038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2597508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2597508                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       192606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         192606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       210350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          210350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       210350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         210350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       383364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       383364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          746                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       384110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        384110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       384110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       384110                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33713600500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33713600500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26099000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33739699500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33739699500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33739699500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33739699500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       575970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       575970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       594460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       594460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       594460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       594460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.665597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.665597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040346                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.646149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.646149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87941.487724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87941.487724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34985.254692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34985.254692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87838.638671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87838.638671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87838.638671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87838.638671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16073                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              722                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.261773                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       164437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       164442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       218927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       219668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       219668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19181381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19181381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25152500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25152500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19206533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19206533500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19206533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19206533500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.380101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040076                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040076                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.369525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.369525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87615.419752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87615.419752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33943.994602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33943.994602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87434.371415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87434.371415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87434.371415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87434.371415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3925992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3925992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         981498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          981498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         981498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       981498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       981498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       981498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       981498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195985                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      235899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.203658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks              13                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3708257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3708257                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23117                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                23683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               23683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195810                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17824000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17824000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18586569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18586569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18604393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18604393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18604393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18604393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               741                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       218927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        218927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           219668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               219668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          219668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              219668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.236167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.894408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.892187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.892187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.892187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.892187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101851.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101851.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94921.449364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.449364                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94927.637319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94927.637319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94927.637319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94927.637319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       292                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195810                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195810                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16074000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16074000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16628469000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16628469000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16644543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16644543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16644543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16644543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.236167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.236167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.894408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.894408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.892187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.892187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.892187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91851.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91851.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84921.449364                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84921.449364                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84927.637319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84927.637319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84927.637319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84927.637319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391963                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195984                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195810                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       587948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       587948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 587948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12561728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12561728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12561728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195985    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464170500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       439336                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       219665                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          538                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            218927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2229                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          413424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       218927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       659004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                659004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14182720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14182720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195985                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18688                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           415653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036087                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 415111     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    542      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             415653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          221605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         329502000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
