
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4610737925750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65148188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120853816                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175723045                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5660267329                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10500139273                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12340608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12340608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                543                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808300900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808300900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2276231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2276231                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2276231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808300900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            810577131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        543                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      543                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12335296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   33920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12340608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     83                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267312000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  543                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.589342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.686736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.738400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42260     43.60%     43.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43955     45.34%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9284      9.58%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1268      1.31%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          137      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5734.393939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5513.617472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1534.420146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      3.03%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            4     12.12%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.06%     21.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.03%     24.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3      9.09%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            5     15.15%     48.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      6.06%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     12.12%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     12.12%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     12.12%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.06%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.057209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.348155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32     96.97%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4713327250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8327183500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  963695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24454.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43204.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       807.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95876                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78955.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342620040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182118255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               680470560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1601290170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24586080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5207121570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       104574720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     614640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9351019125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.484991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11690803125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9792000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    272089000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3056603250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11418494125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349524420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185757660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               695685900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1075320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1631866680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24732480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5186735520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        94860960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1783080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9377945700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.248662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11624641125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10152000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      2828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    246987250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122099500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11375145375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1715743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1715743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            81256                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1333541                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  64404                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10052                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1333541                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            703840                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          629701                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27437                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     834228                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      67063                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       154537                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1093                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1358381                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7488                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1395452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5167657                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1715743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            768244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28906654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 167770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65897                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1350893                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9580                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30456120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.342959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.477777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28492281     93.55%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21662      0.07%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  644155      2.12%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35418      0.12%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  138684      0.46%     96.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   99379      0.33%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   93411      0.31%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   32164      0.11%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  898966      2.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30456120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056190                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.169239                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  719909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28360994                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   965526                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               325806                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 83885                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8506186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 83885                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  825746                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26894143                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22138                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1105130                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1525078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8119172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               118640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1054395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                436560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9682438                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22363677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10811053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            50904                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3242162                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6440275                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           404                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2068514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1429830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              96447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7662866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5667                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5550660                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4967392                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9714164                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5667                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30456120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.182251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.790610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28252344     92.76%     92.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             841254      2.76%     95.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             461537      1.52%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             314740      1.03%     98.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             321685      1.06%     99.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             113237      0.37%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              93481      0.31%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34435      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23407      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30456120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14205     65.10%     65.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     65.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     65.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1482      6.79%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5592     25.63%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  343      1.57%     99.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              177      0.81%     99.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              21      0.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22622      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4546298     81.91%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1354      0.02%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12666      0.23%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              18504      0.33%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              873616     15.74%     98.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              71977      1.30%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3546      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            77      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5550660                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.181782                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      21820                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41541012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12592170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5296828                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              46234                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43756                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        19993                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5526046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  23812                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5725                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       932054                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          192                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60413                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           43                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1417                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 83885                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24275515                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               320817                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7668533                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1429830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               96447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19650                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               119984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43300                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               93659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5435927                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               833874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           114733                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      900927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  637515                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     67053                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.178025                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5339469                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5316821                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3918867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6239140                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.174124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4968508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            83885                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29736372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090836                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.564165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28587597     96.14%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       523805      1.76%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       127510      0.43%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       334672      1.13%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65453      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        34382      0.12%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6964      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5118      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50871      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29736372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1352777                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2701141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        533810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       497776                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    473862                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14404                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2686522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6350                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4399      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2139628     79.21%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            254      0.01%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10738      0.40%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12312      0.46%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         495684     18.35%     98.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         36034      1.33%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2092      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2701141                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                50871                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37355150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16061011                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          78568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1352777                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2701141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.571856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.571856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5628985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4621009                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    35623                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   17751                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3321990                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1493547                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2797236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           251097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             402883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           251097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.604491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3687325                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3687325                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       372867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         372867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34986                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       407853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          407853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       407853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         407853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       450156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       450156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       451204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        451204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       451204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       451204                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35048787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35048787000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45172500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45172500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35093959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35093959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35093959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35093959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       823023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       823023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        36034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        36034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       859057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       859057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       859057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       859057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.546954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.525232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.525232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.525232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77859.202143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77859.202143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43103.530534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43103.530534                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.476033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77778.476033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.476033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77778.476033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25125                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              982                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.585540                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200107                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       250056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       250056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       251097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       251097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19253082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19253082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43470000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19296552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19296552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19296552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19296552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028889                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76995.083101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76995.083101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41757.925072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41757.925072                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76848.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76848.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76848.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76848.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5403572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5403572                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1350893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1350893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1350893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1350893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1350893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1350893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1350893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192828                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      313781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.627258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.900425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.099575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4208180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4208180                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2494                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               698                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   698                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         57577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             57577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                58275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    58275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               58275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   58275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 343                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192479                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192822                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34236500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34236500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18242090500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18242090500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18276327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18276327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18276327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18276327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2494                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       250056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        250056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           251097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               251097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          251097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              251097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.329491                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769744                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.769744                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.767918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.767918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.767918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.767918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99814.868805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99814.868805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94774.445524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94774.445524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94783.411644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94783.411644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94783.411644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94783.411644                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192479                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30806500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30806500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16317300500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16317300500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16348107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16348107000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16348107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16348107000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.769744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.769744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.767918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.767918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.767918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.767918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89814.868805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89814.868805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84774.445524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84774.445524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84783.411644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84783.411644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84783.411644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84783.411644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385636                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192823                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12375360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12375360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12375360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192822    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192822                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           454911500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1042477750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       502194                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       251097                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          578                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            250056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          440888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1041                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       250056                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       753291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                753291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16229824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16229824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192828                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34752                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           443925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036709                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 443332     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    591      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             443925                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          253591000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         376645500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
