
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9404683981000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72360083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                134862099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183269895                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6027972397                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11234718591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12797376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12797376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                288                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         838218874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             838218874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1207283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1207283                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1207283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        838218874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            839426157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        288                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199960                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      288                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12795200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12797440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267195000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199960                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  288                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.588889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.976342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.335569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40110     41.19%     41.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45426     46.65%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10202     10.48%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1472      1.51%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          149      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11433.222222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11243.805075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2067.788320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            4     22.22%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.11%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            2     11.11%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14848-15359            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.111111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.105039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17     94.44%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      5.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4800000750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8548594500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  999625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24008.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42758.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       838.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    838.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102584                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     254                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76241.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344426460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183085980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               707017080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  46980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635872640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24417120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177389800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       100769280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9378334380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.274120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11614923875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9402000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509819000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    262035500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11352888375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350845320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186490095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               720447420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1466820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1664444460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24517440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5118443820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       126236640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9398201055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.575373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11553393375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    328741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3193885250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11225190875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1289136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1289136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            44385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              846762                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  24879                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         846762                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            577878                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          268884                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         9783                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     594151                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      31968                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133225                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          475                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1143023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2924                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1161142                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3626330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1289136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            602757                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29266519                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  90772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        25822                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1140099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3448                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.238052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.226214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29047303     95.24%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   10469      0.03%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  591146      1.94%     97.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   14786      0.05%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  104399      0.34%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   33829      0.11%     97.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   70112      0.23%     97.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   12677      0.04%     97.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  615935      2.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042219                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.118761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  533879                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28997837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   652730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               270824                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 45386                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5960295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 45386                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  603952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27892020                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8472                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   780987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1169839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5751469                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                42495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                937126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                185892                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6873841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16223732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7420511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24837                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2622327                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4251513                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           162                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1768782                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1082457                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              42792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2457                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5531750                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2153                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3906971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2712                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3344838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7472250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.128095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.639161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28824502     94.50%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             690480      2.26%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             365523      1.20%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             245511      0.80%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244258      0.80%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              52443      0.17%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              49524      0.16%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              14799      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13616      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6203     69.70%     69.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  721      8.10%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1779     19.99%     97.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  126      1.42%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               70      0.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10194      0.26%      0.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3234846     82.80%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 325      0.01%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6155      0.16%     83.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9377      0.24%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              610536     15.63%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33881      0.87%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1657      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3906971                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.127952                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       8899                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002278                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38303253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8857827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3782221                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22956                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             20914                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10229                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3893850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11826                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       660582                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1340                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 45386                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26508641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               258040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5533903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1082457                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               42792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               811                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11408                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                62294                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        20698                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               49005                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3862623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               594001                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            44348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      625958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  470629                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     31957                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.126500                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3800797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3792450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2776419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4381589                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.124201                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.633656                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3345408                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            45386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30041376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.488681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29065862     96.75%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       458233      1.53%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106116      0.35%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       296762      0.99%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50118      0.17%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25732      0.09%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3080      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3082      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        32391      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30041376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1095536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2189065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        440356                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       421875                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    400398                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7388                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2181616                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2213      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1734712     79.24%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            130      0.01%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5342      0.24%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6312      0.29%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         420799     19.22%     99.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18481      0.84%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1076      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2189065                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                32391                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35543458                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11528922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            251                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1095536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2189065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.871917                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.871917                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3741520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3292016                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18243                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9105                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2524393                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1027734                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2080989                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222640                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             213784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.960223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2646764                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2646764                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       196178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         196178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17719                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       213897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          213897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       213897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         213897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          762                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       392134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        392134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       392134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       392134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34391163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34391163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26870994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26870994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34418033994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34418033994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34418033994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34418033994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       587550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       587550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       606031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       606031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       606031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       606031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.666108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.666108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041232                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.647053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.647053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87873.335343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87873.335343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35263.771654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35263.771654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87771.103740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87771.103740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87771.103740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87771.103740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15711                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              872                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.017202                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1969                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       169494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       169494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       169494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19441151500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19441151500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25954494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25954494                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19467105994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19467105994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19467105994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19467105994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.377636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87620.116730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87620.116730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34150.650000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34150.650000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87437.594296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87437.594296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87437.594296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87437.594296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4560396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4560396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1140099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1140099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1140099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1140099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1140099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1140099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1140099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199961                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      238136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.190912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.999343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.000657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10882                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3759785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3759785                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1969                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   579                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         22101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             22101                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                22680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               22680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199960                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18441500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18441500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18851931000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18851931000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18870372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18870372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1969                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       221880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        221880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.238158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.238158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900392                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.900392                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.898132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.898132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.898132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.898132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101886.740331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101886.740331                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94363.927139                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94363.927139                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94370.736647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94370.736647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94370.736647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94370.736647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  288                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       288                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199779                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199779                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16631500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16631500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16854141000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16854141000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16870772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16870772500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16870772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16870772500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.238158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.900392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.898132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.898132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.898132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91886.740331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91886.740331                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84363.927139                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84363.927139                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84370.736647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84370.736647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84370.736647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84370.736647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399913                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199665                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       599873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       599873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 599873                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12815872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12815872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12815872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199960    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199960                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           472190500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1079246250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       445280                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222638                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          539                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            221880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          420344                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       221880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       667920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                667920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14374976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14374976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199961                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           422601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 422056     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    545      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             422601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          224609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         333960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
