
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10381794005000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               52131901                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 97329828                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              129565451                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   117.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6142960468                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11468858185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          40512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13379904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13420416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        40512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7852544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7852544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          209061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              209694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        122696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             122696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           2653507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         876374037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             879027543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      2653507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          2653507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       514335954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            514335954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       514335954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          2653507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        876374037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1393363497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      209695                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     122696                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    209695                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   122696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13420032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7852224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13420480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              7852544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             13274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             13371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             13269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             13176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             13045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            13024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            13060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            13246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            13179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              7893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              7916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              7958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              7685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              7301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              7462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              7344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              7464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             7680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             7544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             7490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             7700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             7911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267401000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                209695                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               122696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  158830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   17768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   17139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   15928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   7648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   7660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   7671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   7670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   7675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   7674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   7670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   7679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   7681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   7698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   7685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   7688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   7678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   7669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    770.208335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   617.212202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   349.408453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1805      6.54%      6.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1910      6.92%     13.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1895      6.86%     20.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1312      4.75%     25.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1323      4.79%     29.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1161      4.20%     34.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1207      4.37%     38.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1143      4.14%     42.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15863     57.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      36.876011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.275819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1762.231765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         7661     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::147456-155647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          7662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.237909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             7629     99.58%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.03%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               10      0.13%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.13%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.05%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3243064000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7174714000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1048440000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15466.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.98                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34215.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       879.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       514.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    879.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    514.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   193150                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  111612                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      45932.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98781900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52507620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               750064140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              320983020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         797188080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1552358520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             68040000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2100759510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       423215520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1496284980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7660183290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            501.736466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11685863875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60537000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     338036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5976809000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1102139250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3182907250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4606915625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98403480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52306485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               747108180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              319432680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         791041680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1544165340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64753920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2094048900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       411450240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1512983940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7635729765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            500.134778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11664346625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52557000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     335436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6048611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1071537000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3167197000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4592005375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1542928                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1542928                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6674                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1508850                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  21076                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               789                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1508850                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1288452                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          220398                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4350                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1218847                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1212365                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1777                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2390                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     128070                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          204                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   44                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            155688                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6707428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1542928                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1309528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30318901                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          780                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   127936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2113                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.445947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.777550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28508475     93.52%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41902      0.14%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   54243      0.18%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  243022      0.80%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   43514      0.14%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   30612      0.10%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   31616      0.10%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35330      0.12%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1493750      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050530                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.219666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  503207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28248413                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   841574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               882334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              13530111                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  827372                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1248187                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1397292                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             26993788                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              13497545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 79565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               2091080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              24579131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17361185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             30019067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16497587                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           400238                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             17074573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  286740                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           122                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5071415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              929502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1219913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            25455                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13438051                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 13670209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1892                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         183750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       264430                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           515                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.448461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.372756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26771163     87.82%     87.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             620307      2.03%     89.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             618370      2.03%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             467229      1.53%     93.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             485065      1.59%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1042182      3.42%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             165386      0.54%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             234107      0.77%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              78655      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  86885     59.37%     59.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     59.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     59.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2904      1.98%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     61.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 50996     34.85%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2621      1.79%     97.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2747      1.88%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             190      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            16712      0.12%      0.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11069066     80.97%     81.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     81.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                37333      0.27%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             114061      0.83%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1167817      8.54%     90.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1142576      8.36%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          51370      0.38%     99.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         71190      0.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              13670209                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.447694                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     146343                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.010705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          57456182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13347343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13096808                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             514940                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            275236                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       252619                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              13539489                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 260351                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           22196                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24837                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12380                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           28                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       297729                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 298321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               917804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13438640                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              742                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               929502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1219913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  2785                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               913624                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2157                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6224                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             13654428                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1216196                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            15786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2428540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1514922                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1212344                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.447178                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      13352593                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     13349427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 10019040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 14769227                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.437189                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.678373                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         184057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             74                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30453716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.435251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.457033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27149714     89.15%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       477828      1.57%     90.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       328645      1.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1067569      3.51%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       129073      0.42%     95.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       606281      1.99%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76976      0.25%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        33422      0.11%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       584208      1.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30453716                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             6518775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              13254996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2112209                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       904673                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         20                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1507616                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    248762                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 13119946                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               18414                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        14837      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        10978612     82.83%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             67      0.00%     82.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           37258      0.28%     83.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        112013      0.85%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         855534      6.45%     90.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1136918      8.58%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        49139      0.37%     99.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        70618      0.53%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         13254996                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               584208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    43308561                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   26907201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            402                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52225                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    6518775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     13254996                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              4.684115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        4.684115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.213488                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.213488                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                16863123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               10517052                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   379799                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  175709                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  7842712                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6493695                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5431480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           209247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           12539809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           209247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            59.928262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          8632963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         8632963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       758156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         758156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1068674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1068674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1826830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1826830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1826830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1826830                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       140257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       140257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       138842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       138842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       279099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        279099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       279099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       279099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10410646500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10410646500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12375779499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12375779499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22786425999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22786425999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22786425999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22786425999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       898413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       898413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1207516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1207516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2105929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2105929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2105929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2105929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.156116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.114981                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.132530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74225.503896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74225.503896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89135.704607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89135.704607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81642.807746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81642.807746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81642.807746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81642.807746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2539640                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          201                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            67439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.658328                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   100.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       138154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           138154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        69845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        69845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        69845                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138830                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       209254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5837751500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5837751500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12236325999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12236325999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18074077499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18074077499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18074077499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18074077499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.078387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.114972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82894.347098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82894.347098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88138.918094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88138.918094                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86373.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86373.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86373.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86373.868595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.790939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          450626722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         540968.453782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.790939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           512586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          512586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       126841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         126841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       126841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          126841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       126841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         126841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1095                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87072497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87072497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87072497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87072497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     87072497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87072497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       127936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       127936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       127936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       127936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       127936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.008559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79518.262100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79518.262100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79518.262100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79518.262100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 79518.262100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79518.262100                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          499                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              833                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69647998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69647998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69647998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69647998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     69647998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69647998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82717.337292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.337292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82717.337292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.337292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 82717.337292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82717.337292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    210444                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      209699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    210444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       70.366602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        59.010257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16254.623141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.004295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.003602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.992103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9544                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3571548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3571548                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       138154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           138154                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          828                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              828                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    56                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            207                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                207                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               130                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  3                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          138768                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              138768                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          633                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              633                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        70294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           70294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             209062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 209695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            209062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                209695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        88500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12027337000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12027337000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66179000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     66179000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5730667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5730667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17758004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17824183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     66179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17758004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17824183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       138154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       138154                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          828                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          828                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        138824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            138824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            840                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        70424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         70424                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           209248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               210088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          209248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              210088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999597                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999597                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.753571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.753571                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.998154                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.753571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.753571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86672.265940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86672.265940                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104548.183254                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104548.183254                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81524.269497                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81524.269497                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104548.183254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84941.328410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85000.515034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104548.183254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84941.328410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85000.515034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               122696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    122696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       138768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         138768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          633                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          633                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        70294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        70294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        209062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            209695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           209695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        58500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10639667000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10639667000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59849000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59849000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5027727000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5027727000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15667394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15727243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     59849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15667394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15727243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.753571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.753571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.753571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76672.338003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76672.338003                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94548.183254                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94548.183254                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71524.269497                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71524.269497                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94548.183254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74941.376242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75000.562722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94548.183254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74941.376242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75000.562722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        419377                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209706                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       122696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            86983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           138767                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         70927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       629071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       629071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 629071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21272960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21272960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21272960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            209698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  209698    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              209698                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           911033500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1091061500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       420176                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       210078                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           99                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            832                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          832                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             71266                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       260850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          833                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          158841                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           138824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          138823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           842                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        70424                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       627754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                630269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       107072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22233664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22340736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          210446                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   7852672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           420540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002204                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419613     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    927      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             420540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          349075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1263499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         313873500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
