
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10992487770000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               38464212                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 72060931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               91616687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   166.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6409817819                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12008499729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       20049728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           20050176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9890816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9890816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          313277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              313284                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             29344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1313242686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1313272029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       647841296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            647841296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       647841296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            29344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1313242686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1961113325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      313284                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154544                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    313284                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               20045632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9890688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                20050176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9890816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     71                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             19528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             19797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             19427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             19005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             19532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             19717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             19622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             19361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             19625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             19724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            19798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            19324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            19483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            19613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            19656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            20001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267315500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                313284                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   83828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   56765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   32336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   7597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  10121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  10159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  10269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       180563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    165.791486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.471093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   232.340150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       110500     61.20%     61.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42946     23.78%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8939      4.95%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4428      2.45%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1443      0.80%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1135      0.63%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1130      0.63%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1251      0.69%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8791      4.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       180563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.456788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.012609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     29.228134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            494      5.12%      5.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          6409     66.41%     71.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           677      7.02%     78.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39            87      0.90%     79.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47            66      0.68%     80.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55           102      1.06%     81.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63           147      1.52%     82.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71           269      2.79%     85.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79           257      2.66%     88.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87           256      2.65%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::88-95           260      2.69%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103          201      2.08%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::104-111          178      1.84%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-119           98      1.02%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-127           51      0.53%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-135           48      0.50%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::136-143           15      0.16%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151           15      0.16%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::152-159           11      0.11%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-167            3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::168-175            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::176-183            3      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.013735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.187690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9571     99.18%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               41      0.42%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               23      0.24%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9308613750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             15181357500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1566065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29719.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48469.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1312.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       647.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1313.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    647.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        15.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   229281                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   57899                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      32634.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    61.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                639208500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                339728400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1113761460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              398849760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1096517760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2691465330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             36685440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3343331580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       132516000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        398217660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            10190342460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            667.460062                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           9269381625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     464032000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1592377125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    345137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    5514576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7331867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                650097000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                345508185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1122579360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              407859480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1105122720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2709625530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             37074720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3355358580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       131792640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        386404140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            10251606195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            671.472793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           9228647500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     467720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1526769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    343272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    5550299875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7358610500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3146804                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3146804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            63217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2772080                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  70465                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               424                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2772080                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1725924                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1046156                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6072                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4456612                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1549658                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       105332                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3770                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2251494                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2290243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      13183315                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3146804                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1796389                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28179505                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 126580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          475                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2251493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                16157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.829062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.222822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26050630     85.32%     85.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  586556      1.92%     87.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  133193      0.44%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  257750      0.84%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  377339      1.24%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  730323      2.39%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  242109      0.79%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  170596      0.56%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1985023      6.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533519                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.103057                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.431749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1344832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25522594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2892409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               710394                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              24084441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1669972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22335559                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21777                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3226485                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3216436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23781777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               255533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1567041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               1544179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           28621416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             61128524                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        33463754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               91                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             22231539                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6389947                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4191166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3460604                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1643881                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           197845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           59066                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  23315939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1003                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 23308917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           161636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4460349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6069627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           970                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.763388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.783147                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24093501     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1353101      4.43%     83.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1143533      3.75%     87.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1008520      3.30%     90.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             703036      2.30%     92.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             844536      2.77%     95.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             537739      1.76%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             414492      1.36%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             435061      1.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 359761     49.99%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     49.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                292130     40.59%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                67775      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            69824      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             17187609     73.74%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   1      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 38      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4484968     19.24%     93.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1566477      6.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              23308917                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.763359                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     719666                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.030875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          78032571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         27777259                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21774505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               118                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           40                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              23958717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     42                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          659458                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       630445                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           50                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       218595                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1292545                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17179645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               977861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           23316942                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3460604                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1643881                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                157580                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               777265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         47657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               74514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             23190443                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4456604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           118474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     6006259                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2520827                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1549655                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.759479                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      21806924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     21774545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16168220                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 26560542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.713108                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.608731                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4462103                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             33                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63217                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29932440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.629974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.003854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26609734     88.90%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       367052      1.23%     90.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       283244      0.95%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       469340      1.57%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       112417      0.38%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32385      0.11%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       224527      0.75%     93.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       113594      0.38%     94.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1720147      5.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29932440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             9838407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              18856649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4255460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2830168                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         22                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2326006                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 18799881                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               64064                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        56746      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        14544443     77.13%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2830168     15.01%     92.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1425292      7.56%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         18856649                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1720147                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    51531045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   47240383                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             13                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    9838407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     18856649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.103621                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.103621                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.322204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.322204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                32574165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17647624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       65                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                      40                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 14066419                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 8394792                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11441155                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           362247                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3892707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           362247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.746002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16119303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16119303                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1810274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1810274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1424396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1424396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3234670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3234670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3234670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3234670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       703700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       703700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       704594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        704594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       704594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       704594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58811217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  58811217000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97043417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97043417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58908260417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  58908260417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58908260417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  58908260417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2513974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2513974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1425290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1425290                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3939264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3939264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3939264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3939264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.279915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83574.274549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83574.274549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108549.683445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108549.683445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83605.963742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83605.963742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83605.963742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83605.963742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8171589                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           166747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.005913                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       198953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           198953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       342341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       342341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       342345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       342345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       342345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       342345                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       361359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       361359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       362249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       362249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       362249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32265737500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32265737500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     95852417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95852417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32361589917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32361589917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32361589917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32361589917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.143740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89289.978941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89289.978941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107699.344944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107699.344944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89335.208426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89335.208426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89335.208426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89335.208426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               2399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           342.714286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          9005979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         9005979                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2251484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2251484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2251484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2251484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2251484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2251484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2251493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2251493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2251493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2251493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2251493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2251493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 78777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       689500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       689500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       689500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       689500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       689500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    313296                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      382314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    313296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.220296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.742197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.328239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16382.929564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        12251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6109360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6109360                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       198953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           198953                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48937                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48937                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       312422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          312422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             313277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 313284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            313277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                313284                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93985500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      93985500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       678000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       678000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31172092000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  31172092000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31266077500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      31266755500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31266077500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     31266755500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       198953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       198953                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       361359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        361359                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           362249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               362256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          362249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              362256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.960674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.864575                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.864811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.864814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.864811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.864814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109924.561404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109924.561404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99775.598389                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99775.598389                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99803.297082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99803.231253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96857.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99803.297082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99803.231253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154544                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       312422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       312422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        313277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            313284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       313277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           313284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85435500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85435500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       608000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28047882000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28047882000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28133317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28133925500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28133317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28133925500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.864814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.864811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.864814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99924.561404                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99924.561404                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86857.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89775.630397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89775.630397                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89803.329003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89803.263173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86857.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89803.329003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89803.263173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        626566                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       313282                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             312428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           158738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        312429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       939849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       939849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 939849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     29940928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     29940928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29940928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            313284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  313284    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              313284                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1319721000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1650137500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       724510                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       362255                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           49                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           21                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            361364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       353497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          322046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       361359                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1086743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1086764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     35916800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               35917696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          313296                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9890816                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           675552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 675481     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     71      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             675552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          561215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         543370500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
