
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2335903651125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11910494                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 21796840                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35738356                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   427.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5088135630                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9311560250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1030272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1030528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       929792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          929792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           16098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               16102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         14528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              14528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          67482071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              67498839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        60900704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             60900704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        60900704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         67482071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            128399542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       16102                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      14528                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     16102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    14528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1030336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  929728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1030528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               929792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15268197000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 16102                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                14528                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     88.985884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.692748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.718618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        15906     72.20%     72.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4600     20.88%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255          932      4.23%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          382      1.73%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          124      0.56%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           48      0.22%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           27      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            6      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.143876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.053917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.876417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                6      0.71%      0.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               57      6.78%      7.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               93     11.06%     18.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              156     18.55%     37.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              202     24.02%     61.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              140     16.65%     77.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              102     12.13%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               52      6.18%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               21      2.50%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                7      0.83%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                1      0.12%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                1      0.12%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                2      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           841                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.273484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.242749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.024171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              317     37.69%     37.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               17      2.02%     39.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              467     55.53%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               40      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    480084500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               781940750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   80495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29820.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48570.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        67.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        60.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     67.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     60.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5455                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3145                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 33.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     498471.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 79018380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42010650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                58233840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               38492280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            929748090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31962720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4395553860                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1278502560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         71047680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8145986850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            533.556248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13145111000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     24916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516956000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    176097750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3329586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1580361125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9639426500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 78247260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 41596995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                56713020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               37338660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1232353200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            977319150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             34455360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4292544600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1311411360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         91353540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8153785365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            534.067045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13032491500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     33376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     521768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    204747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3414886750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1679285750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9413279625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13251084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13251084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1381627                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11035842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1040382                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            185068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11035842                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2641957                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8393885                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       915142                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6946509                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2223139                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83302                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        16668                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6528066                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2724                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7364021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56395960                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13251084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3682339                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21770432                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2765488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15432                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6525342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               320794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.040386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12086791     39.59%     39.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  529657      1.73%     41.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  911726      2.99%     44.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1335070      4.37%     48.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  580703      1.90%     50.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1171830      3.84%     54.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1022492      3.35%     57.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  470351      1.54%     59.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12424983     40.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.846947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5544505                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8406376                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13718779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1481199                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1382744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110334586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1382744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6631923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6986164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        234977                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13895299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1402496                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103140828                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                29182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                811984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                350734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116049412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255672651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139277196                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         20571896                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48087529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67961928                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32449                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34702                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3509289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9472687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3096434                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           142179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          145651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89480543                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             196228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70953610                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           662700                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48318104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69890672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        196119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.323788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.589146                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13267766     43.45%     43.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2263628      7.41%     50.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2794077      9.15%     60.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2319349      7.60%     67.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2351323      7.70%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2227440      7.30%     82.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2644563      8.66%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1589745      5.21%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1075712      3.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1423325     92.71%     92.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80860      5.27%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4648      0.30%     98.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1823      0.12%     98.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            24139      1.57%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             472      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1930230      2.72%      2.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53718707     75.71%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2509      0.00%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                69299      0.10%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5235049      7.38%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             4997789      7.04%     92.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2419681      3.41%     96.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2578820      3.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1526      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70953610                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.323705                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1535267                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158579119                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118790855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59584495                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           16059672                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          19204257                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7118752                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62526602                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                8032045                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          204973                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5809852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3539                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          270                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1528196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2966                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1382744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6257550                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                11718                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89676771                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9472687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3096434                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             82539                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4981                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           270                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        408338                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1326161                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1734499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67886237                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6906936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3067374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9129096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6215633                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2222160                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.223250                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67264932                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66703247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49485064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88148718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.184507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561382                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48318337                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1382592                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23180244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.784221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.400086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10670808     46.03%     46.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3082563     13.30%     59.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3502319     15.11%     74.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1826982      7.88%     82.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       923113      3.98%     86.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       779190      3.36%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       319826      1.38%     91.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       320365      1.38%     92.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1755078      7.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23180244                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18715421                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41358684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5231076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3662837                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4315263                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3220189                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38610200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              364540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       729685      1.76%      1.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32930386     79.62%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1074      0.00%     81.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           45369      0.11%     81.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2421094      5.85%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2873009      6.95%     94.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1568239      3.79%     98.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       789828      1.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41358684                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1755078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111102187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186849622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            145                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1085                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18715421                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41358684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.631526                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.631526                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.612923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.612923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86224533                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50978767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 11215613                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6726307                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36217496                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17862136                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21759492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            18151                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             576842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.780177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         32938015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        32938015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6637327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6637327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1559722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1559722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8197049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8197049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8197049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8197049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        23961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        23961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         8956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         8956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        32917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         32917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        32917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        32917                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1867418500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1867418500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    847732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    847732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2715150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2715150500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2715150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2715150500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6661288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6661288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1568678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1568678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8229966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8229966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8229966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8229966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.749760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77935.749760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94655.203216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94655.203216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82484.749522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82484.749522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82484.749522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82484.749522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   104.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            14958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        14756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14756                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8508                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    854540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    801597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    801597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1656137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1656137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1656137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005424                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005424                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88525.846887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88525.846887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94216.854725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94216.854725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91191.949783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91191.949783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91191.949783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91191.949783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.073075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             121812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            87.070765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.073075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26102777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26102777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6523901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6523901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6523901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6523901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6523901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6523901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1441                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6525342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6525342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6525342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6525342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6525342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6525342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13043.025677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.025677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13043.025677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.025677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13043.025677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13043.025677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.398864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.398864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.398864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.398864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12182.398864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12182.398864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16108                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.082444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       16.356881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        19.498578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16348.144541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    328740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   328740                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        14958                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            14958                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1395                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1984                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3448                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 10                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            8429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8429                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7669                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              16098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  16102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             16098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 16102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    787806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     787806000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       373000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    818786000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    818786000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1606592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1606965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1606592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1606965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        14958                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14958                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          8498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              8498                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1399                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1399                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9653                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            18151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           18151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991880                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002859                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002859                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.794468                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.886893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.823632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.886893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.823632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93463.756080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93463.756080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106765.680010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106765.680010                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99800.720586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99799.093280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99800.720586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99799.093280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                14528                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     14528                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7669                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7669                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         16098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             16102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            16102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       201000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       201000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    703516000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    703516000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       333000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       333000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    742095501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    742095501                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1445611501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445944501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1445611501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445944501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.794468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.823632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83463.756080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83463.756080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96765.614943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96765.614943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89800.689589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89799.062290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89800.689589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89799.062290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         32216                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16115                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        14528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        48318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        48318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1960320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1960320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1960320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16112    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            94238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87344500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        39120                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19549                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           51                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        29486                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1399                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            4773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1409                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        54473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 58680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       179072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2118976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2298048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           16118                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    930432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            35678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  35621     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     57      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              35678                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           35917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          27234993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
