
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10366526660875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16323962                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30473820                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               40613687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   375.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6136441693                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11455603189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        5987072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5987584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       543104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          543104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           93548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               93556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             33536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         392148887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             392182422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            33536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        35572919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             35572919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        35572919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            33536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        392148887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            427755342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       93555                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       8486                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     93555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     8486                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                5987520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  543936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 5987520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               543104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              5773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              5760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              5837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              5772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              5890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              5771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             5760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             5765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             5821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             5967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267261000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 93555                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 8486                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   93537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        14711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    443.949698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   294.505608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.100168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2740     18.63%     18.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2565     17.44%     36.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2989     20.32%     56.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          457      3.11%     59.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2055     13.97%     73.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          200      1.36%     74.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          364      2.47%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          154      1.05%     78.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3187     21.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        14711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      68.609467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.534435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    855.763119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          505     99.61%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.20%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.20%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.763314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.737428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.940521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              298     58.78%     58.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               31      6.11%     64.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              178     35.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           507                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1264091000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3018247250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  467775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13511.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32261.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       392.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        35.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    392.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     35.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      19.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    79909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    7431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 85.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     149618.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 54899460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 29168370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               334180560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               22002300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1071932160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            888749130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             34281120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4986839940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       188386560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        440863500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8051377350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            527.359394                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13228557750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     16179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     453548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1802249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    490544000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1568994000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10935829125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 50158500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 26659875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               333802140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               22362480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1062712560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            875871690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             32872320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5002402080                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       159716640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        455488500                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8022046785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            525.438263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13260321500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     19572250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     449624000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1874859500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    415810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1536975750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10970502125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7052215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          7052215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect               82                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             5597207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 925937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                28                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        5597207                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2951453                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2645754                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           42                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8994502                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    3216076                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1437                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           46                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    4232957                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           4233432                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      30193704                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7052215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3877390                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26300708                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4232955                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   19                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.129297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.200387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                20128354     65.92%     65.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   97294      0.32%     66.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  529103      1.73%     67.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1023181      3.35%     71.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  758637      2.48%     73.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1159319      3.80%     77.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1093199      3.58%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  560245      1.83%     83.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 5184925     16.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.230957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.988833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 3575651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             17754895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6614039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              2589562                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              65015250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 4436719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               13691243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles            28                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8276379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4129778                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              65014808                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2858343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 15565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                441525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           79647426                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            176499136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       105929508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3174580                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             79642718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                    4580                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 7                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             7                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 10345375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8862502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3216190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           264490                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  65013784                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                  6                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 65012509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                9                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           3300                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined         4955                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.129166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.546483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           14977996     49.05%     49.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1409746      4.62%     53.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2047720      6.71%     60.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3062890     10.03%     70.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2952762      9.67%     80.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1978832      6.48%     86.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1591156      5.21%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1038731      3.40%     95.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1474424      4.83%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 727470     64.71%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               132271     11.76%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                132269     11.76%     88.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               132273     11.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           661363      1.02%      1.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             48701472     74.91%     75.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     75.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv              1984039      3.05%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1587260      2.44%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             8597733     13.22%     94.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3216108      4.95%     99.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         264534      0.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              65012509                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.129136                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1124283                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         157847703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         63165211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     63160384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3835859                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           1851908                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1851786                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63491364                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1984065                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1058094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          583                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           29                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           15                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               13115209                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               195210                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           65013790                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8862502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3216190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 6                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                128393                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  683                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            29                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            37                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           52                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                  89                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             65012297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8862235                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    12078310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7051724                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   3216075                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.129129                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      65012214                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     65012170                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49545366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                103688527                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.129125                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.477829                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           3300                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts               82                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.129132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.085638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16603151     54.38%     54.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3263662     10.69%     65.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2269322      7.43%     72.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1017972      3.33%     75.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       132285      0.43%     76.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1082350      3.54%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       248033      0.81%     80.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       610766      2.00%     82.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5306214     17.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533755                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            30190526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65010384                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12077793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8861911                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7051619                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1851738                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63026376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              925874                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       661338      1.02%      1.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48700031     74.91%     75.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         1984018      3.05%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1587204      2.44%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        8597377     13.22%     94.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3215882      4.95%     99.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       264534      0.41%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65010384                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              5306214                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    90241225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  130027979                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              3                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30190526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65010384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.011400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.011400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.988729                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.988729                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               105924924                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               56992943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  3174504                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1587252                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 43062072                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21064319                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24330174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            93556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             356676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            93556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.812433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         44702768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        44702768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      7845411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7845411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3213316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3213316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11058727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11058727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11058727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11058727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        90979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2597                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        93576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         93576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        93576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        93576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7808142500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7808142500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    213161000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    213161000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8021303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8021303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8021303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8021303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7936390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7936390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3215913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3215913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11152303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11152303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11152303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11152303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85823.569175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85823.569175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82079.707355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82079.707355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85719.666367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85719.666367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85719.666367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85719.666367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          905                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          181                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        90958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        93555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        93555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7715174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7715174500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    210563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210563000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7925737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7925737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7925737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7925737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000808                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84821.285648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84821.285648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81079.322295                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81079.322295                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84717.412217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84717.412217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84717.412217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84717.412217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                8                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             382347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                8                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         47793.375000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         16931828                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        16931828                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      4232946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        4232946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      4232946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         4232946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      4232946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        4232946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4232955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4232955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4232955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4232955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4232955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4232955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 145777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 145777.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 145777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 145777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145777.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                8                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1216500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 152062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152062.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 152062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 152062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 152062.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     93564                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       93665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     93564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.001079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.131314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         2.368880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16378.499806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          552                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1590540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1590540                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3619                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            8                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                8                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data             3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                    8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                   8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2592                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                8                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        90955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           90955                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              93547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  93555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 8                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             93547                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 93555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    206612500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     206612500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      1204000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7578703500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7578703500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7785316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       7786520000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7785316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      7786520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3619                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            8                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            8                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              8                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        90958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         90958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            93555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                93563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           93555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               93563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999967                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79711.612654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79711.612654                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       150500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       150500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83323.660052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83323.660052                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       150500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83223.577453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83229.330340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       150500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83223.577453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83229.330340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8486                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8486                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2592                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2592                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        90955                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        90955                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         93547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             93555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        93547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            93555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    180682500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180682500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1124000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1124000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6669153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6669153500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1124000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6849836000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6850960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6849836000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6850960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69707.754630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69707.754630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       140500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73323.660052                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73323.660052                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73223.470555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73229.223451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       140500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73223.470555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73229.223451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        187074                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        93523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              90963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            85033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         90963                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       280630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       280630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 280630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      6530688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      6530688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6530688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             93555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   93555    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               93555                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           237074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          495379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       187127                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        93568                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            5                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             53                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           49                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             90966                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          175015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        90958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       280667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                280691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6219200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                6220224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           93564                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    543104                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           187127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000353                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019883                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 187065     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     58      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             187127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           97190500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         140334000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
