
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6061135617625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61621474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                114489666                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              162832006                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    93.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5777708815                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10734700626                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12569536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12569728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        25472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           25472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         823295519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             823308095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1668398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1668398                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1668398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        823295519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            824976492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196401                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        398                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196401                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      398                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12566464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12569664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                25472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267327500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196401                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  398                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.206333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.094871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.948940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41416     42.50%     42.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44794     45.96%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9763     10.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1337      1.37%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      0.12%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7830.720000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7580.477124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1976.366774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      8.00%      8.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.00%     16.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.00%     24.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     16.00%     52.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     12.00%     64.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     12.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2      8.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4785338000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8466919250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  981755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24371.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43121.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       823.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    823.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    98948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77578.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348267780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185112510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699477240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1310220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634195130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23988960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177419440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102575040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377655360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.229645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620383000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267475500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127619250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353203375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347582340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184744395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               702468900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 777780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1636680330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24457920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5177438250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        99997440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9379456395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.347611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11615010000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    260590000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133024125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11354420000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1563130                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1563130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            68635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1241248                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  48566                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7820                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1241248                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            655262                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          585986                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22693                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     729973                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      53907                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       143126                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          921                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1275230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6626                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1305261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4606212                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1563130                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            703828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29011648                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 141498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      5190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59456                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1268604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30453876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.304577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.392819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28675628     94.16%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   24052      0.08%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  622871      2.05%     96.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27528      0.09%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  127334      0.42%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   68485      0.22%     97.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   83413      0.27%     97.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25586      0.08%     97.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  798979      2.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30453876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051192                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.150852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  658995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28563507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   858598                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               302027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 70749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7559189                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 70749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  751471                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27255416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14527                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   991468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1370245                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7236611                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                88299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                999340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                329976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8616256                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20047327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9535874                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35735                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2904506                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5711732                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           417                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1931262                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1293664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              80713                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6857711                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4888888                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4439447                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9074309                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4904                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30453876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.160534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.732879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28454322     93.43%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             794128      2.61%     96.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             418213      1.37%     97.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             282240      0.93%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296062      0.97%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              89478      0.29%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              74749      0.25%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              25990      0.09%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18694      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30453876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10021     66.72%     66.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1086      7.23%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3547     23.62%     97.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  255      1.70%     99.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               88      0.59%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              23      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            18545      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4024087     82.31%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1482      0.03%     82.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9200      0.19%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13448      0.28%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              761724     15.58%     98.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              58070      1.19%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2254      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            78      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4888888                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.160109                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15020                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003072                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40218843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11272647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4681199                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32953                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29420                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14601                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4868381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16982                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       838520                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          204                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        54158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1263                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 70749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25185866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               279534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6862616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1293664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               80713                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1843                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                80899                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        41444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               78164                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4798782                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               729698                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      783593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  564156                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     53895                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.157158                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4713302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4695800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3461910                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5449420                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.153786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4440487                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            70747                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29820484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.081259                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.524368                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28765312     96.46%     96.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       488279      1.64%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115466      0.39%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       313509      1.05%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59103      0.20%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29309      0.10%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5755      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4062      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39689      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29820484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1212637                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2423171                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        481709                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       455144                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    433855                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10580                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2412467                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3187      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1921341     79.29%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            187      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7699      0.32%     79.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9048      0.37%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         453612     18.72%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         26565      1.10%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1532      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2423171                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                39689                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36644453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14362177                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80812                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1212637                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2423171                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.180403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.180403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039713                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039713                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4799081                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4083477                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25989                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12935                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2931018                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1276835                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2507634                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           234975                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             326912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           234975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.391263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3225887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3225887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       300345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         300345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        25615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       325960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          325960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       325960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         325960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       420818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       420818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       421768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        421768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       421768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       421768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34999877500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34999877500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35740500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35740500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35035618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35035618000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35035618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35035618000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       721163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       721163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        26565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        26565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       747728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       747728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       747728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       747728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.583527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.583527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.564066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.564066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.564066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83171.056134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83171.056134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37621.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37621.578947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83068.459437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83068.459437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83068.459437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83068.459437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              917                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.303162                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2238                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       186785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       186794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       186794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       234974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       234974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19351641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19351641500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34103000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385744500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19385744500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385744500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19385744500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035423                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035423                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.314251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82687.661569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82687.661569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36241.232731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36241.232731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82501.657630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82501.657630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82501.657630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82501.657630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           183.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5074420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5074420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1268600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1268600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1268600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1268600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1268600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1268600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1268604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1268604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1268604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1268604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        75250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196413                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      259728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.322356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.051605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.125725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.822670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3953893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3953893                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2238                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   683                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         37893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             37893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                38576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    38577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               38576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   38577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196140                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196401                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196401                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25198500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25198500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18576086000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18576086000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18601284500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18601565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18601284500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18601565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2238                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               941                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234033                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           234974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               234978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          234974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              234978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.274176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.838087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.838087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.835829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.835827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.835829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.835827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97668.604651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97668.604651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94708.300194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94708.300194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94712.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94712.170508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94712.189024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94712.170508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  398                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       398                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196140                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196140                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22618500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22618500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16614676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16614676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16637294500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16637545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16637294500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16637545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.838087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.835827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.835829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.835827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87668.604651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87668.604651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84708.249210                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84708.249210                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84712.138107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84712.119592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84712.138107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84712.119592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        392793                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196401                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          398                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              258                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       589195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       589195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 589195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12595200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196401    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196401                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462709500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1061158250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       469957                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       234979                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          552                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234038                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2636                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          428752                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234033                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       704924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                704936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15181632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15182144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196413                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     25472                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036516                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 430818     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    572      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237220500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         352462500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
