
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10778744952250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61960566                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                115906621                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              150462981                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   101.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6287081550                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11760939673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10010496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10030528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9916992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9916992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1312082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655680249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656992331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649555805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649555805                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649555805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1312082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655680249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1306548135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156728                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10030592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9917120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10030592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9916992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.763536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   562.912505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.681472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2158      7.86%      7.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2489      9.07%     16.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1764      6.43%     23.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1610      5.87%     29.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1474      5.37%     34.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1339      4.88%     39.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1406      5.12%     44.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1667      6.07%     50.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13539     49.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.192685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.129376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.906896                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            88      0.91%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9366     96.77%     98.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           123      1.27%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            30      0.31%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      0.04%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             7      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009402                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9653     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.06%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.08%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2898775500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5837425500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18495.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37245.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141061                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48983.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98496300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52352025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561760920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404790120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1495092330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63054240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2083570590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       325754400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585695180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7419903615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.998321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11752552125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6406677125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    848340500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3081773250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4569342500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97475280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51805545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404074980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         740026560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1487198970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63597120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072973150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       303633600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1607808900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7385878665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.769712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11840189875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6503597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    790727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3070996500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4545865125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1265640                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1265640                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1257921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3435                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1257921                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1225415                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32506                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4197                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     382453                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1253125                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          755                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2605                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46793                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67147                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5583064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1265640                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1228850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30434104                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1263                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46655                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1734                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.370332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.625992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28841937     94.54%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   43873      0.14%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   46548      0.15%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  253005      0.83%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   29075      0.10%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    7977      0.03%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9043      0.03%     95.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   26874      0.09%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1250481      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  388914                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28696877                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   653396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               763443                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11240331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  667972                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 227062                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12695                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1136746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28458155                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11210559                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1155                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28161876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14337821                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23641950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12891784                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306839                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14098611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  239239                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               112                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           116                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4793034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              391706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1260144                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20344                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           22091                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11156218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11100543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1759                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         155484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       226006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           563                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.363847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.241435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27502926     90.15%     90.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476878      1.56%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             531036      1.74%     93.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             350223      1.15%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             298619      0.98%     95.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1011562      3.32%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             131105      0.43%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179704      0.59%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              26760      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508813                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  81419     94.92%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  466      0.54%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   778      0.91%     96.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  181      0.21%     96.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2748      3.20%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             186      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4071      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9372818     84.44%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  273      0.00%     84.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83977      0.76%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              338590      3.05%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1216231     10.96%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46353      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38146      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11100543                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.363539                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      85778                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52421443                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11106207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10895220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375998                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206354                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184412                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10992592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189658                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21752                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           16                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          572                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  54418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11156891                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               391706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1260144                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               293                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               139413                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11086777                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               382286                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1635396                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1241670                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1253110                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.363088                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11082554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11079632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8094365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11267083                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.362854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.718408                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         155728                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6041                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.360893                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.271393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27575265     90.46%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       347327      1.14%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323293      1.06%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1097913      3.60%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64826      0.21%     96.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       653494      2.14%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        81370      0.27%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        24298      0.08%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       316086      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5417676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11001420                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1618446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       369955                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1235576                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180778                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10903984                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9298456     84.52%     84.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81998      0.75%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         325771      2.96%     88.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1210813     11.01%     99.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44184      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11001420                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               316086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41324934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22339683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            267                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25875                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5417676                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11001420                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.636123                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.636123                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.177427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.177427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12691903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8437997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286440                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145557                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6194970                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5604473                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4125310                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156486                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1578566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.087586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6667618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6667618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       375541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         375541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1093311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1093311                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1468852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1468852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1468852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1468852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155187                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155187                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    348844500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    348844500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14011707000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14011707000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360551500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14360551500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360551500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14360551500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       379285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       379285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1248498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1248498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1627783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1627783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1627783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1627783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93174.278846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93174.278846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90289.180150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90289.180150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90357.145554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90357.145554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90357.145554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90357.145554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    93.343949                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155534                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155180                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138925500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13856019500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13856019500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13994945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13994945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13994945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13994945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.124293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124293                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       106050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89289.982601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89289.982601                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89430.283085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89430.283085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89430.283085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89430.283085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              585                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             128321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           219.352137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           187208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          187208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     47513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64997.264022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64997.264022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64997.264022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64997.264022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64997.264022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64997.264022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              585                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          143                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65680.272109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65680.272109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65680.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65680.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65680.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65680.272109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157237                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.921370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.290153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.788477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9555                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2670213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2670213                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              582                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155152                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13622931000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13622931000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34862500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     34862500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136408000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34862500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13759339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13794201500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     34862500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13759339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13794201500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          582                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            585                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1310                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.535043                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.535043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.535043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87803.773074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87803.773074                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111381.789137                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111381.789137                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108003.167063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108003.167063                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111381.789137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87966.876578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.638278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111381.789137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87966.876578                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.638278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1263                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1263                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12071421000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12071421000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31732500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31732500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123778000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123778000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31732500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12195199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12226931500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31732500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12195199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12226931500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77803.837527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77803.837527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101381.789137                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101381.789137                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98003.167063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98003.167063                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101381.789137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.940511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.702083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101381.789137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77966.940511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.702083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156597                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155151                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156728    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156728                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824267750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314149                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157071                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           92                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            745                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          745                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           588                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19969280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20044160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157240                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9917184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051535                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313478     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    837      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313193500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234730999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
