
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               687030485625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               16274982                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 30814535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              172767828                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1220408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1438205855                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2723053697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10699520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10704000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      8807424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         8807424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          167180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              167250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        137616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             137616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            293437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         700810823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             701104260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       293437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           293437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       576879903                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            576879903                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       576879903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           293437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        700810823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1277984163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      167249                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     137616                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    167249                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   137616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10703872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 8807872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10703936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              8807424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            10865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            10268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              8380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              8961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              8474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              8422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              8452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              8518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              8762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              8297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              8751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              8688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             8946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             8632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             8791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             8409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             8414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             8726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                167249                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               137616                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   24594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   8482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   8564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   8584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   8617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   8588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   8608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   8641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   8598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   8628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   8716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   8630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   8693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   8864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   8699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        44904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    434.539818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   286.881865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   349.634098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8666     19.30%     19.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9306     20.72%     40.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6048     13.47%     53.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4282      9.54%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3145      7.00%     70.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2353      5.24%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1915      4.26%     79.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2031      4.52%     84.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7158     15.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        44904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.512366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.246091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.349297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-9               1      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             2      0.02%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             7      0.08%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           411      4.79%      4.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          2468     28.79%     33.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          1909     22.27%     55.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          1600     18.67%     74.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          1078     12.58%     87.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           628      7.33%     94.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           298      3.48%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           115      1.34%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            34      0.40%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            12      0.14%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::50-51             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.054946                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.051838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.328536                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8329     97.17%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               25      0.29%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              210      2.45%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                6      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3581725000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6717625000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  836240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21415.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40165.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       701.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       576.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    701.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    576.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   148208                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  111759                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      50078.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                157158540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 83524155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               592048800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              356348520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         885081600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1846351980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             69411360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2169400050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       486218880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1276235580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7922195445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            518.898073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11036827500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     86409250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     375234000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5012991750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1266179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3768869500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4757659875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                163456020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 86886525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               602101920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              362043540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         880779120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1824291840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60152640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2201773770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       489865440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1269897060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7941518805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            520.163739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11100806250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     60545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     373360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5005309875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1275691750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3724140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4828296500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2940937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2940937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            60598                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2227944                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 355522                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             45359                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2227944                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1104036                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1123908                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1108                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2790536                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1821583                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5352                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1423275                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           72                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1478289                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      12570083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2940937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1459558                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28988572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 121460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1423210                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4277                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30528032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.865337                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.313958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26138643     85.62%     85.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  425359      1.39%     87.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  196012      0.64%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  207067      0.68%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  493512      1.62%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  236937      0.78%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  319333      1.05%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  185626      0.61%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2325543      7.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30528032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.096315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.411666                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1076143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25649242                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3105752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               636165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 60730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              25619490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 60730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1332955                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24187280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7904                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3411981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1527182                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              25062957                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               166099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1040333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                203297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 13654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           27571955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             63918453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        38334142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups              813                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             22964460                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4607497                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                44                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            44                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3552784                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3485112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1888536                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           200294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           68870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  24678247                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 22352808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2193                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3855877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6801397                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3287                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30528032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.732206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.739034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24721282     80.98%     80.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             793588      2.60%     83.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             758122      2.48%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1271632      4.17%     90.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             922494      3.02%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             826822      2.71%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             519473      1.70%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             429796      1.41%     99.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             284823      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30528032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 193749     64.13%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    5      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     64.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 26545      8.79%     72.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                81816     27.08%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                1      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             1144      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             17678127     79.09%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   9      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   65      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                263      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2843560     12.72%     91.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1829485      8.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           124      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              22352808                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.732046                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     302135                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013517                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          75537035                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         28536845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     22145668                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                946                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               712                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          436                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              22653323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    476                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          328852                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       927191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          183                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       171657                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            8                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1717                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 60730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               19853193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               181307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           24681547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3485112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1888536                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1258                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 54022                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                59365                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         52384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14638                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67022                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             22267958                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2790525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            84855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4612104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2554565                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1821579                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.729268                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      22197079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     22146104                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 16326013                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 28412558                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.725277                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.574606                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3856116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             13                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            60606                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30014279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.693859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.003076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25944581     86.44%     86.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       442333      1.47%     87.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326036      1.09%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       796041      2.65%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       367035      1.22%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210527      0.70%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       223678      0.75%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       152084      0.51%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1551964      5.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30014279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            10227419                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              20825671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4274790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2557922                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          6                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2485496                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                       350                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 20825076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              143230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          383      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        16550254     79.47%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              6      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              26      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           212      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2557895     12.28%     91.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1716787      8.24%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           27      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           81      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         20825671                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1551964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    53144102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   49877593                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           6656                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   10227419                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     20825671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.985571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.985571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.334944                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.334944                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                32936443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               17817948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                      680                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     292                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 13816902                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6581455                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9900082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           184554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5834796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           184554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.615657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16884410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16884410                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2165325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2165325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1716616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1716616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3881941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3881941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3881941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3881941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       292767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       292767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          256                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       293023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        293023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       293023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       293023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24318459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24318459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7776500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7776500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24326236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24326236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24326236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24326236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2458092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2458092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1716872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1716872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4174964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4174964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4174964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4174964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.070186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83064.209764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83064.209764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30376.953125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30376.953125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83018.179460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83018.179460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83018.179460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83018.179460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29261                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              481                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.833680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154237                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       108468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       108468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       108469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       108469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       108469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       108469                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       184299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       184554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       184554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15717354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15717354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7363500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7363500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15724718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15724718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15724718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15724718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.074976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85281.821931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85281.821931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28876.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28876.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85203.886125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85203.886125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85203.886125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85203.886125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               85                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.357236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           34062733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               85                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         400738.035294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.357236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5692927                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5692927                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1423115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1423115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1423115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1423115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1423115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1423115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           95                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8706500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1423210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1423210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1423210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1423210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1423210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1423210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91647.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91647.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91647.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91647.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91647.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91647.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           85                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               85                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    167349                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      202705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    167349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.211271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        4.183589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.511400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16378.305012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11950                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3121573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3121573                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154237                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154237                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           85                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               85                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   213                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             15                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 15                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         17162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             17162                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                17375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               17375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17390                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data              42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               70                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       167137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          167137                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             167179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 167249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                70                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            167179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                167249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4715000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       4715000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7739000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      7739000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15251531000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15251531000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15256246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15263985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15256246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15263985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154237                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154237                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           85                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           85                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           255                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               255                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           85                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             85                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       184299                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        184299                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               85                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           184554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               184639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              85                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          184554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              184639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.164706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.164706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.823529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.823529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.906880                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.823529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.905854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.905816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.823529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.905854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.905816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112261.904762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112261.904762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110557.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110557.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91251.673777                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91251.673777                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110557.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91256.952129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91265.029985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110557.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91256.952129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91265.029985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               137616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    137616                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       167137                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       167137                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        167179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            167249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       167179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           167249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4295000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4295000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7039000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7039000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13580161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13580161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13584456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13591495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13584456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13591495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.164706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.906880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.906880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.905816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.823529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.905854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.905816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102261.904762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102261.904762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100557.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100557.142857                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81251.673777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81251.673777                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100557.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81256.952129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81265.029985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100557.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81256.952129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81265.029985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        334512                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       167264                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             167207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       137616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            29647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        167207                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       501761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       501761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 501761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19511360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19511360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19511360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            167249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  167249    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              167249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           928668500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          877553250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       369280                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184639                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           34                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             95                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           95                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            184386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       291853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           85                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           60050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             255                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            87                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       184299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       553662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                553919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21682624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21693504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          167351                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   8807552                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           351990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000366                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.019140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 351861     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    129      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             351990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          338962000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         276831499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
