
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10076447122500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71319525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                132998512                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              179204238                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    85.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6076080164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11330835243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12771712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12771712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          199558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              199558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         836537900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             836537900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1161171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1161171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1161171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        836537900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            837699072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      199558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        277                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    199558                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      277                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12769344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12771712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                199558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  277                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.559763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.075522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.154649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39751     40.90%     40.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45792     47.11%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9986     10.27%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1468      1.51%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          161      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean          12008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11743.842008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2748.919606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      5.88%      5.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            3     17.65%     23.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            5     29.41%     52.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            2     11.76%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            4     23.53%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19456-20479            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4818383500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8559402250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  997605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24149.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42899.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       836.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    836.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   102362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76399.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348432000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185199795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               715320900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 939600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1654423290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24593280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5161379070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        98443680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9394040655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.302870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11575909375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3171746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11319532625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345518880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183647640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               709259040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 480240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642127820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24458400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5158757640                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111140160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9380698860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.428992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11601095250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9486000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    289045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146817375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11312135750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1331084                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1331084                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            50199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1051043                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  29284                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4472                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1051043                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            579837                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          471206                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15142                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     605113                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      31357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       131336                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          712                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1130527                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2878                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1152557                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3783847                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1331084                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            609121                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29264895                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 102326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        26863                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1127649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30496988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.248842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.256653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28999139     95.09%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16557      0.05%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  578972      1.90%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   16299      0.05%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  107960      0.35%     97.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   44414      0.15%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   70881      0.23%     97.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15801      0.05%     97.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  646965      2.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30496988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043593                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.123920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  545179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28944321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   684091                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               272234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 51163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6194618                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 51163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  619750                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27831449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10010                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   810004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1174612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5956731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                54294                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                940052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                187787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7118659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16703227                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7709424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            23806                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2550950                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4567706                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               261                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1768312                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1100446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              45561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2996                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5690535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4017543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3565140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7719237                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2762                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30496988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.131736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.651404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28782506     94.38%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             713393      2.34%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             365086      1.20%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             241872      0.79%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             249335      0.82%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              60849      0.20%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              54080      0.18%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16639      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13228      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30496988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6431     62.48%     62.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     62.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     62.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  701      6.81%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     69.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2823     27.43%     96.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  186      1.81%     98.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               78      0.76%     99.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              74      0.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10961      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3328816     82.86%     83.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 511      0.01%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 5956      0.15%     83.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8657      0.22%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              627312     15.61%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33441      0.83%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1615      0.04%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           274      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4017543                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.131573                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10293                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38524218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9237390                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3870522                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              22175                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             21048                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9586                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4005460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11415                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2628                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       690906                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        28322                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1098                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 51163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26311966                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               243030                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5693297                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1100446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               45561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13929                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                48322                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28054                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        27743                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               55797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3958538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               604973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            59005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      636324                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  478899                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     31351                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.129641                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3890534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3880108                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2847445                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4477875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.127072                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.635892                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3565591                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            51162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30001084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.070936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.474936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29037864     96.79%     96.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       454848      1.52%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105762      0.35%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       295435      0.98%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50108      0.17%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23677      0.08%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3795      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2869      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26726      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30001084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1064995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2128155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        426777                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       409538                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    389924                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      6886                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2121167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2090      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1688208     79.33%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            122      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5066      0.24%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          5892      0.28%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         408544     19.20%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17239      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          994      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2128155                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                26726                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35668104                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11884389                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            273                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37701                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1064995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2128155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.671204                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.671204                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.034878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.034878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3824895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3373213                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17078                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8453                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2538255                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1058462                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2119466                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           218542                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             225685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           218542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.032685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          802                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2685618                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2685618                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       210517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         210517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       227043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          227043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       227043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         227043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       389013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       389013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          713                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          713                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       389726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        389726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       389726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       389726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34659431500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34659431500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25313000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25313000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34684744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34684744500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34684744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34684744500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       599530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       599530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17239                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       616769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       616769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       616769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       616769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.648863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.631883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.631883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.631883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89095.818135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89095.818135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35502.103787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35502.103787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88997.768945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88997.768945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88997.768945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88997.768945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11390                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.637931                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           49                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       171184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       171184                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       217835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       217835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       218542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       218542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       218542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19385795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19385795500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24303000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24303000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19410098500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19410098500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19410098500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19410098500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.363343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88993.024537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88993.024537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34374.823197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34374.823197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88816.330499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88816.330499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88816.330499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88816.330499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4510596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4510596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1127649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1127649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1127649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1127649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1127649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1127649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1127649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    199560                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      229647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    199560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.150767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.995120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.004880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11060                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3693776                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3693776                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1827                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   541                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         18443                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             18443                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                18984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    18984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               18984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   18984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       199392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          199392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             199558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 199558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            199558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                199558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18842642000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18842642000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18859950500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18859950500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18859950500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18859950500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1827                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       217835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        217835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           218542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               218542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          218542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              218542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.234795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.915335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.915335                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.913133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.913133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.913133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.913133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104268.072289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104268.072289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94500.491494                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94500.491494                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94508.616543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94508.616543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94508.616543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94508.616543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       199392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        199558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            199558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       199558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           199558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15648500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15648500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16848722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16848722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16864370500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16864370500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16864370500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16864370500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.915335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.913133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.913133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.913133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.913133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94268.072289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94268.072289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84500.491494                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84500.491494                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84508.616543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84508.616543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84508.616543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84508.616543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        399108                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       199558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             199392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199273                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        199392                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       598666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       598666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 598666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12789440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12789440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12789440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            199558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  199558    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              199558                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1077188750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       437084                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       218543                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            217835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          415998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             707                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       217835                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       655626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                655626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14103616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14103616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          199560                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001287                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417564     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    538      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418102                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          220369000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         327813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
