
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10763477608125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59520216                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                111333360                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144661565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6281663874                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11749938253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9970240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9995392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         25152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9924352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9924352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155068                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1647438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653043510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654690948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1647438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1647438                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650037879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650037879                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650037879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1647438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653043510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304728828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156178                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155068                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156178                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155068                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9995392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9923648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9995392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9924352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156178                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155068                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.945412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   561.038416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   361.967139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2117      7.68%      7.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2336      8.48%     16.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2115      7.68%     23.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1751      6.36%     30.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1239      4.50%     34.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1705      6.19%     40.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1208      4.38%     45.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1375      4.99%     50.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13706     49.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.128059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.640960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           105      1.08%      1.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9382     96.89%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           113      1.17%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            14      0.14%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012031                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.219688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9642     99.58%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               11      0.11%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885612000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5813949500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18476.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37226.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141032                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49052.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99010380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52625265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561725220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406919880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754777920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1511817270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63430560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2094372660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       326255040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1571211420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7442312925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.466115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11720805750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319868000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6343851125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    849632750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3116109250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4592946000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97710900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51934575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553385700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402477660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1496647860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66388320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2076187950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       311774880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1594863240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7397097285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.504523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11811920500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     51673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6446997750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    811867500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4553099625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1322020                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1322020                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1312307                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4103                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               876                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1312307                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1269740                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           42567                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5436                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     478276                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1305517                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          873                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89491                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5974035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1322020                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1273843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30400273                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  16248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 139                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    64285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2294                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.395236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.668053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28680642     94.04%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   53902      0.18%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   57681      0.19%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  305839      1.00%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   36784      0.12%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11701      0.04%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12387      0.04%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34271      0.11%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1305965      4.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.195647                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  426342                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28550961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   711931                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               801814                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  8124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11979065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  8124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  708064                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 308462                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1230540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28230802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11939539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 27242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  7237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27922113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15317478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25198110                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13768897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           454021                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14995084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  322365                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4832776                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              490445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1314561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           25253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11867406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11792926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2131                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         204972                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       299875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           734                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.386664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.285039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27336006     89.63%     89.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             504696      1.65%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             548375      1.80%     93.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             361855      1.19%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315228      1.03%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1029497      3.38%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             161036      0.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             208530      0.68%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              33949      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  98922     93.96%     93.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  703      0.67%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1077      1.02%     95.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  253      0.24%     95.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4128      3.92%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             203      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5559      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9873243     83.72%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  97      0.00%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  330      0.00%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             125060      1.06%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              412322      3.50%     88.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1253267     10.63%     98.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69235      0.59%     99.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53813      0.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11792926                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.386214                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     105286                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53637981                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11770283                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11493315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             554455                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            303228                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       271989                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11612949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 279704                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          267                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14876                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          654                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  8124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  77824                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               188436                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11868288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               490445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1314561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               187596                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           267                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9768                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11774616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               478037                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            18305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1783533                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1290770                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1305496                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.385614                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11769175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11765304                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8620442                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11943336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.385309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.721778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         205242                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7933                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30466543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.382823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27427772     90.03%     90.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       383286      1.26%     91.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326999      1.07%     92.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1121440      3.68%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70253      0.23%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       628236      2.06%     98.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        99182      0.33%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30585      0.10%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       378790      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30466543                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5751623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11663303                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1761572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       461889                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1282928                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    267044                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11517905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3217      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9775772     83.82%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        122392      1.05%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         395738      3.39%     88.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1246484     10.69%     98.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66151      0.57%     99.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.46%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11663303                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               378790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41956298                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23770315                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            338                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5751623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11663303                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.308882                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.308882                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.188364                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.188364                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13505283                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8949935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   424194                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  217144                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6437327                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5946899                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4374081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1505389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.659899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7252775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7252775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       469546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         469546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1145550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1145550                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1615096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1615096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1615096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1615096                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    467089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    467089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13907602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13907602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14374691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14374691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14374691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14374691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       474535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       474535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1299699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1299699                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1774234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1774234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1774234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1774234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.118604                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93623.772299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93623.772299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90221.811364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90221.811364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.463346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.463346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90328.463346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90328.463346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18044                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          277                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.968421                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    92.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154556                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3296                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    181042500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181042500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13752945000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13752945000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13933987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13933987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13933987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13933987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.118597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118597                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.087836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106432.980600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106432.980600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89223.146340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89223.146340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.989977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.989977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89410.989977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89410.989977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              16710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.703804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           257880                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          257880                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        63380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          63380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        63380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           63380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        63380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          63380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     57348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        64285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        64285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        64285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        64285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        64285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63367.955801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63367.955801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63367.955801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63367.955801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63367.955801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63367.955801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           74                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              736                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          165                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65716.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65716.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65716.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65716.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65716.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65716.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156802                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.192441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        34.072450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.735109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661778                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154556                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154556                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              734                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                343                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 343                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154118                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              393                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156178                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13521389500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13521389500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     43897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    178048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    178048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13699438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13743335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13699438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13743335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154556                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154556                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          734                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154137                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            736                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1701                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.533967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.980012                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.533967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.533967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87734.005762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87734.005762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111697.201018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111697.201018                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106807.738452                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106807.738452                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111697.201018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87938.107006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87997.893429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111697.201018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87938.107006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87997.893429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155067                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155067                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154118                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1667                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11980209500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11980209500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39967000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39967000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161378500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161378500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12141588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12181555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12141588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12181555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77734.005762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77734.005762                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101697.201018                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101697.201018                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96807.738452                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96807.738452                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101697.201018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77938.107006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77997.893429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101697.201018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77938.107006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77997.893429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312470                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156309                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19919744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19919744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19919744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156178    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156178                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313157                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          117                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            581                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          581                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2441                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          736                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3018                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154138                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1701                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        94208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19865280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19959488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156806                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9924544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312686     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    698      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313384                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311870500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233762496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
