
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10855081672875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59721488                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                111758779                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144388659                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6314818977                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11817129557                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9969984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9994752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9921536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155781                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155024                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1622286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653026742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654649029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1622286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1622286                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649853433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649853433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649853433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1622286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653026742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304502462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156168                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155024                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155024                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9994752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9921728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9994752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9921536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155024                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    716.520938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   552.739436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.234130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2088      7.51%      7.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2768      9.96%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2062      7.42%     24.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1586      5.71%     30.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1346      4.84%     35.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1496      5.38%     40.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1483      5.34%     46.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1545      5.56%     51.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13422     48.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.130035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.076883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.672532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             52      0.54%      0.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            93      0.96%      1.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9375     96.83%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           116      1.20%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011878                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010747                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.205702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9642     99.59%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.05%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15      0.15%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2899315250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5827465250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  780840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18565.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37315.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142558                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49060.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99760080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 53023740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560190120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405745380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752934000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1516967790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62527680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2092330350                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       322885440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1570589400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7436953980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.115108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11777767750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43856500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6348541750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    840835000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126535750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4588445125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 98703360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52462080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554849400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403495560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749860800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1516997430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67010880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2080971390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       308518560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1583303640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7416264450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.759959                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11766009000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52277250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317664625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6399002250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    803430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3131393250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4563576750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1333128                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1333128                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6876                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1325381                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4283                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               896                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1325381                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1286608                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           38773                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4842                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     350961                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          928                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2664                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52124                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78041                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5821549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1333128                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1290891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413523                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    51912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30500330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.384940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.663220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28802319     94.43%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40103      0.13%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42708      0.14%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225036      0.74%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27527      0.09%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8869      0.03%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9643      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25131      0.08%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1318994      4.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30500330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.190654                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  430882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28589952                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   638635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               833647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7214                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11673796                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7214                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 286207                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17387                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1194742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28287550                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11639263                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27994134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14814073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24626889                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13375748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           310820                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14543344                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  270729                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               158                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           165                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5056400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              361580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1327288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           21967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11576600                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                862                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11513541                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2186                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         178165                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       257686                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30500330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.256135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27378886     89.77%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470289      1.54%     91.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             568095      1.86%     93.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346838      1.14%     94.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             340486      1.12%     95.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1085668      3.56%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119066      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             166148      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24854      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30500330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73071     94.14%     94.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  452      0.58%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   818      1.05%     95.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  214      0.28%     96.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2814      3.63%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             253      0.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4510      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9749462     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 110      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  328      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84650      0.74%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              307372      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279093     11.11%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46509      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41507      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11513541                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377064                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77622                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53222822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11545914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11300935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384398                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            209919                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188411                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11392772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 193881                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2527                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          221                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13754                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          731                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7214                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  61683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               186184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11577462                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               361580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1327288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               390                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   401                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               185614                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           221                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6846                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                8771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11497502                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               350798                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1669834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1305240                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319036                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376539                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11492715                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11489346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8390456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11790365                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376272                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.711637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         178456                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7050                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30471580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.279536                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27445026     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339021      1.11%     91.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322273      1.06%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1166331      3.83%     96.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64389      0.21%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       749784      2.46%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72700      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22387      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289669      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30471580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5634959                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11399297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1650599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337065                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298103                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11301112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2361      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9663369     84.77%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82603      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292756      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1272538     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44309      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11399297                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289669                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41759664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23184788                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          34358                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5634959                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11399297                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.418795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.418795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13144751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8717714                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   290945                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146130                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6510275                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5781216                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4287681                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155841                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1502144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.638953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          923                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6798029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6798029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       342906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         342906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1502140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1502140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1502140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1502140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    399969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936658998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936658998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14336627998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14336627998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14336627998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14336627998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1313546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1313546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1660547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1660547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1660547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1660547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97672.527473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97672.527473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90314.810242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90314.810242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90505.015549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90505.015549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90505.015549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90505.015549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18240                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              198                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.121212                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    167727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13781689999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13781689999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13949416999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13949416999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13949416999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13949416999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117471                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108772.373541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108772.373541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89315.761839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89315.761839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89508.274240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89508.274240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89508.274240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89508.274240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             348891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           481.228966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           208377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          208377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        51912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        51912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        51912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        51912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.017048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.017048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61942.937853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61942.937853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61942.937853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61942.937853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61942.937853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61942.937853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              725                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          156                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63244.855967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63244.855967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63244.855967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63244.855967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63244.855967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63244.855967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156804                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       60.444084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.271308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16287.284608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2661660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2661660                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          724                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              724                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    20                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                338                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 338                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              387                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               387                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155782                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13549957000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13549957000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41430500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41430500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164925000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    164925000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41430500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13714882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13756312500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41430500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13714882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13756312500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          724                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          724                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154299                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          725                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            725                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1542                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533793                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.533793                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974708                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.533793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.533793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87827.617498                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87827.617498                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107055.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107055.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109730.538922                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109730.538922                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107055.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88038.939030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88086.063815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107055.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88038.939030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88086.063815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155024                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          387                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12007167000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12007167000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37560500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37560500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    149895000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    149895000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37560500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12157062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12194622500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37560500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12157062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12194622500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.533793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.533793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77827.617498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77827.617498                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97055.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97055.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99730.538922                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99730.538922                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78038.939030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78086.063815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97055.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78038.939030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78086.063815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312424                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156273                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154279                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19916352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19916352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19916352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156168    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313140                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156566                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            619                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          619                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          725                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1542                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19878144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19970944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156808                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9921792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002339                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.048307                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312645     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    733      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1093500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233764498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
