
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5847392799875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66391393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123324865                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175949566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5760854630                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10701036981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12624768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12624768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        27136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           27136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         826913175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             826913175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1777388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1777388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1777388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        826913175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828690563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        424                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12621376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   26624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12624640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                27136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267442000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      47                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.287810                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.891945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.998616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40761     41.99%     41.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44912     46.27%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9832     10.13%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1363      1.40%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          163      0.17%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7505.807692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7321.852912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1685.280796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.85%      3.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4     15.38%     19.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            3     11.54%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            2      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            5     19.23%     57.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      7.69%     65.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      7.69%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.85%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     11.54%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     11.54%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               26    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4718011500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8415680250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  986045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23924.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.05                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42674.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       826.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    826.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100182                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77231.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343619640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182638170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               698841780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  62640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1625476410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25000320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5167549890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       117216480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9365714370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.447519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11638039500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10836000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    305449500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3108578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11332620125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349524420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185746275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               709230480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2108880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1647412290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24454560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5125957560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       134293440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383422305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.607376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11591038750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509670250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    349569750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3156679000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11241982125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1569022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1569022                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            70268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1220779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  49991                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9229                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1220779                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            659602                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          561177                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22325                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     748764                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      56607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144379                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          831                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1289608                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1317521                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4626686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1569022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            709593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28955665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 146716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        81029                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1280431                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 7364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30432066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.305988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.395727                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28647078     94.13%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22393      0.07%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  626848      2.06%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   28716      0.09%     96.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  125242      0.41%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70386      0.23%     97.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   84367      0.28%     97.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25776      0.08%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  801260      2.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30432066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.051385                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.151522                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  671287                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28519721                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   865338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               302362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 73358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7605993                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 73358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  763531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27219408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   998338                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1369202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7285090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                97811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                987502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                332114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8667010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20168301                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9602944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34729                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2944727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5722283                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               267                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1931487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1313745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              80986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2908                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6910786                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4050                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4948297                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4459039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9040009                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4050                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30432066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.162601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.739838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28423033     93.40%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             788088      2.59%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             419523      1.38%     97.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             289073      0.95%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             298651      0.98%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              89911      0.30%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              76576      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              27359      0.09%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              19852      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30432066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10589     67.34%     67.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1100      7.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3700     23.53%     97.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  261      1.66%     99.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               52      0.33%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              23      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21362      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4059784     82.04%     82.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 842      0.02%     82.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9482      0.19%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13671      0.28%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              780288     15.77%     98.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              60722      1.23%     99.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2064      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            82      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4948297                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.162055                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15725                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003178                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40317147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11345680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4736072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              33041                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28196                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14946                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4925655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  17005                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4815                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       852712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          217                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53478                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           30                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1188                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 73358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25037592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289222                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6914836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1313745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               80986                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1515                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17965                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                91320                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        42881                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               81139                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4857398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               748520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            90899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      805109                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  570271                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     56589                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.159078                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4770169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4751018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3504421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5527087                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.155594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634045                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4459982                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            73357                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29791272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.082433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.529317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28724776     96.42%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       493185      1.66%     98.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       116475      0.39%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       315824      1.06%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59844      0.20%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30342      0.10%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5685      0.02%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4133      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        41008      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29791272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1229492                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2455798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        488541                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       461033                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    438645                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11008                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2444702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3288      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1946453     79.26%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            194      0.01%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7914      0.32%     79.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9408      0.38%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         459433     18.71%     98.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         27508      1.12%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1600      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2455798                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                41008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36666044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14473926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         102622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1229492                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2455798                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.835207                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.835207                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4901552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4128713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    26580                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13248                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2970113                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1300038                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2538177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           237332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             342773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           237332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.444276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3305484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3305484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       314928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         314928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        26523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         26523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       341451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          341451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       341451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         341451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       424602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       424602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       425587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        425587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       425587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       425587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34938269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34938269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38282999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38282999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34976552499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34976552499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34976552499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34976552499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       739530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       739530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       767038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       767038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       767038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       767038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.574151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.574151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035808                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.554845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.554845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.554845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82284.750190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82284.750190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38865.988832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38865.988832                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82184.259620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82184.259620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82184.259620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82184.259620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        21273                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              886                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.010158                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           30                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2275                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       188256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       236352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36554499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36554499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399076999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399076999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19399076999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19399076999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.309412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81922.397526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81922.397526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37338.609806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37338.609806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81738.487593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81738.487593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81738.487593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81738.487593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5121724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5121724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1280431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1280431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1280431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1280431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1280431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1280431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1280431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197272                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      277502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.406697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.886734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.113266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3992360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3992360                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2275                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               716                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   716                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         39355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             39355                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                40071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               40071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 263                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196997                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27234000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18567425500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18567425500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18594659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18594659500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18594659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18594659500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2275                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       236352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        236352                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           237331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               237331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          237331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              237331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.268641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.268641                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.833490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.833490                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.831160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.831160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.831160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.831160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103551.330798                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103551.330798                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94252.326178                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94252.326178                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94264.724222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94264.724222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94264.724222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94264.724222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  424                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       424                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            263                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196997                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24604000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24604000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16597445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16597445500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16622049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16622049500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16622049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16622049500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.268641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.833490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.831160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.831160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93551.330798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93551.330798                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84252.275415                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84252.275415                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84264.673527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84264.673527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84264.673527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84264.673527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394512                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197261                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              263                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       591774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       591774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 591774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12651904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12651904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12651904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197260    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197260                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465114500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1065450750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       474663                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       237332                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          573                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           20                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            236353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2699                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          431905                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       236352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       711995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                711995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15334848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15334848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197272                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     27136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           434603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001369                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037038                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 434009     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    593      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             434603                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          239606500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         355998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
