
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10488665413875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               56893397                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                106276711                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              140509409                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   108.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6181869178                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11547716824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9993344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10013376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9900288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9900288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1312082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654556806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655868887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1312082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648461705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648461705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648461705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1312082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654556806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1304330592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156459                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154692                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156459                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154692                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10013376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9900672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10013376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9900288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156459                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154692                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    729.456064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.566812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.013360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1933      7.08%      7.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2433      8.91%     15.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1879      6.88%     22.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1694      6.20%     29.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1499      5.49%     34.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1369      5.01%     39.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1484      5.44%     45.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1377      5.04%     50.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13633     49.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.127686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.882788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            91      0.94%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9348     96.73%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           131      1.36%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            27      0.28%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007657                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.163221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9640     99.75%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      0.04%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2876912250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5810518500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  782295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18387.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37137.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143060                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140797                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49067.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97618080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51889035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560497140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              403918380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514581770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62814720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2074841040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       317265600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585487580                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7418159505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            485.884083                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11782266250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42881500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6406010000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    826214750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3124653250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4550044625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97303920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51718260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556620120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403605180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744329040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506057420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66777120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071549290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       312927360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589180280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7400151930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.704600                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11721329750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50449750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315436000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6432715875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    814903000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3110934000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4542905500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1294885                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1294885                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1287743                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3505                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               757                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1287743                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1254822                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32921                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4173                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     427512                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1281938                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          738                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2636                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          262                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67329                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5745807                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1294885                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1258327                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30433131                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12604                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          968                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47159                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1824                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.382493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.645569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28760495     94.27%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   49719      0.16%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   52157      0.17%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  289884      0.95%     95.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   32027      0.10%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8302      0.03%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9055      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29883      0.10%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1276539      4.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188173                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  400192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28638566                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   679191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               783810                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11609109                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  682620                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230847                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1179482                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28394709                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11578574                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28094772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14855143                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24361023                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13334331                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305692                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14614038                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  241105                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           121                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4836011                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              437108                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1289128                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17972                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11524620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                696                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11468392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1637                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       227201                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           586                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.375914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.265409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27424456     89.89%     89.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             487076      1.60%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540972      1.77%     93.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352491      1.16%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             301228      0.99%     95.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1028468      3.37%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             148359      0.49%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             195595      0.64%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              29416      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  92754     95.53%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     95.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  412      0.42%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   771      0.79%     96.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  190      0.20%     96.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2785      2.87%     99.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             179      0.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4104      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9666866     84.29%     84.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  80      0.00%     84.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  261      0.00%     84.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83834      0.73%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              383760      3.35%     88.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1245084     10.86%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46282      0.40%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38121      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11468392                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.375586                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      97091                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53168266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11476961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11263341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375307                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205464                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184075                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11372084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189295                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21776                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          190                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11783                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           21                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          485                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53078                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               144239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11525316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               437108                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1289128                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               301                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   380                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               143683                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           190                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1746                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7593                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11454364                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               427344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1709264                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1270649                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1281920                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.375126                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11450339                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11447416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8378169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11603345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.374899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.722048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         157144                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30482827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.372944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27505519     90.23%     90.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       360327      1.18%     91.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322873      1.06%     92.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1119235      3.67%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63823      0.21%     96.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       642169      2.11%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        92682      0.30%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        27214      0.09%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       348985      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30482827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5578470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11368385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1692677                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415332                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1264430                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11270948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9591189     84.37%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81999      0.72%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         371147      3.26%     88.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1239667     10.90%     99.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44185      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11368385                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               348985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41659371                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23076750                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            254                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26627                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5578470                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11368385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.473667                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.473667                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.182693                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.182693                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13133616                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8748259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285871                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145250                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6339986                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5811621                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4257187                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1607483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.290328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6962981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6962981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       420704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         420704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1122427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1122427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1543131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1543131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1543131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1543131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158561                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    339576500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339576500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13972916498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13972916498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14312492998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14312492998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14312492998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14312492998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       424337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       424337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1277355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1277355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1701692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1701692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1701692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1701692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.008562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.121288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93469.997247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93469.997247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90189.742964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90189.742964                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90264.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90264.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90264.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90264.901193                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12641                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.601449                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    95.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155270                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2344                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137870500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137870500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13817254499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13817254499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13955124999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13955124999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13955124999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13955124999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.121281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121281                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106217.642527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106217.642527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89190.186478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89190.186478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89331.666842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89331.666842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89331.666842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89331.666842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              573                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            31.207679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           189213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          189213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46447                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44275500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44275500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44275500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44275500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44275500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44275500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62184.691011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.691011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62184.691011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.691011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62184.691011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.691011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            3                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              573                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64523.396880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64523.396880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64523.396880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64523.396880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64523.396880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64523.396880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156969                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       58.568627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        36.025848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16289.405525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2665401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2665401                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155270                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              573                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                42                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              313                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13584722000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13584722000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33612500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135241000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135241000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33612500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13719963000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13753575500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33612500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13719963000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13753575500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155270                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          573                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154916                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            573                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1297                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.546248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967618                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.967618                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.546248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.546248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87705.044192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87705.044192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107388.178914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107388.178914                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107761.752988                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107761.752988                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107388.178914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87866.246974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87905.301069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107388.178914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87866.246974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87905.301069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          313                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1255                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12035812000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12035812000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30482500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30482500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122691000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122691000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30482500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12158503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30482500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12158503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.546248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77705.044192                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77705.044192                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97388.178914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97388.178914                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97761.752988                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97761.752988                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97388.178914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77866.246974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.301069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97388.178914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77866.246974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77905.301069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312773                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156327                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19913664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19913664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19913664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156459    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932063500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          822747750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313580                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156786                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            739                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          739                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309962                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3220                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154916                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1297                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        73344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19934912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20008256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156973                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9900544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002633                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051241                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312937     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    826      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313763                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312633000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            865500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234321999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
