
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2366438339375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11920776                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 21847071                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35507497                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   429.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5125637730                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9393698797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1168064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1168512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1029632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1029632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16088                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             29344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76507347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76536691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            29344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        67440151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             67440151                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        67440151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            29344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76507347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            143976842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16088                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1168448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1029760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1168512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1029632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265654500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16088                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.988784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.144109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    52.317361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17595     72.03%     72.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4978     20.38%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1111      4.55%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          494      2.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          128      0.52%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           59      0.24%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           35      0.14%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           15      0.06%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           11      0.05%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.566988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.472195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.937617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               44      4.72%      4.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               94     10.08%     14.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              145     15.54%     30.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              196     21.01%     51.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              164     17.58%     68.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              140     15.01%     83.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               88      9.43%     93.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               37      3.97%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               15      1.61%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25                7      0.75%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                3      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.245445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.214932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.020600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              357     38.26%     38.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      3.43%     41.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              502     53.80%     95.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               42      4.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    504438250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               846757000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   91285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27629.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46379.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        67.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     67.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6415                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3504                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     444466.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88057620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46807530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                65895060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42532560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            980046600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             31186080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4587214650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1105040160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         47077680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8215285440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.095256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13033512500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22367500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516890000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     99199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2877671250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1692037000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10059179125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 86358300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 45900525                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                64459920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41457240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1215757920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1033164900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29679840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4552490250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1100830080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         33790260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8203985145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.355094                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12922007250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     73854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2866821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1809769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9983439375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13287898                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13287898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1421618                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11218246                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1077551                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            197659                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11218246                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2550653                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8667593                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       952677                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6944419                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2293382                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84628                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18738                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6563880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7422138                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56542738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13287898                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3628204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21673340                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2845428                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        13                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 912                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15089                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6561181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               326124                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.040328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.674030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12130938     39.73%     39.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  526669      1.72%     41.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  860552      2.82%     44.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1322539      4.33%     48.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  612620      2.01%     50.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1164267      3.81%     54.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  974698      3.19%     57.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  502579      1.65%     59.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12439344     40.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534206                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.435174                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.851754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5608251                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8323361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13777652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1402228                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1422714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110326409                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1422714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6682138                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7054159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        259892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13885720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1229583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102965286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                32884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                611011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                389440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115526250                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254191075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139332621                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19914900                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             46694694                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68831558                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             34432                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         36856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2992075                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9483188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3213442                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           157859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          168256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88879270                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             219791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70430705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           679226                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48797979                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69925233                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        219683                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.306617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.603944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13581221     44.48%     44.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2188928      7.17%     51.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2632198      8.62%     60.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2256806      7.39%     67.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2309130      7.56%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2239392      7.33%     82.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2609111      8.54%     91.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1620543      5.31%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1096877      3.59%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1396512     92.31%     92.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                84744      5.60%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4169      0.28%     98.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2099      0.14%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            25111      1.66%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             294      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1909058      2.71%      2.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53216664     75.56%     78.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2742      0.00%     78.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                71936      0.10%     78.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5135838      7.29%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5072209      7.20%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2503002      3.55%     96.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2518209      3.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1047      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70430705                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.306580                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1512929                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021481                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         157844953                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119212855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59043807                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15742818                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18684436                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6944940                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62157215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7877361                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          204460                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5911448                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3525                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          278                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1583418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3459                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            8                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1422714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6292210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                12157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89099061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9483188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3213442                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             91404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5889                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           278                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        423916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1367180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1791096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67234231                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6907727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3196474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9200618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6125326                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2292891                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.201897                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66569510                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     65988747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48685260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86150436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.161108                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.565119                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48798043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1422554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23106417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.744151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.389832                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10993676     47.58%     47.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2941966     12.73%     60.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3324476     14.39%     74.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1817507      7.87%     82.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       945336      4.09%     86.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       733898      3.18%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       330832      1.43%     91.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       327995      1.42%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1690731      7.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23106417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18346269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40301078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5201764                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3571740                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4196507                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3034680                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 37663664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              360439                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       703451      1.75%      1.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32047317     79.52%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1322      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46710      0.12%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2300514      5.71%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2847896      7.07%     94.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1630024      4.04%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       723844      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40301078                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1690731                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110514807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185773052                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             80                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            482                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18346269                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40301078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.664354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.664354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.600834                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.600834                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85445890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50468627                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10928787                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6579108                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35083460                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17553858                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21709154                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20579                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             486695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.650080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33175511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33175511                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6630248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6630248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1620051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1620051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8250299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8250299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8250299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8250299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        28351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10083                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        38434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         38434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        38434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        38434                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2118656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2118656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    946881500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    946881500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3065537500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3065537500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3065537500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3065537500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6658599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6658599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1630134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1630134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8288733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8288733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8288733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8288733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74729.498078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74729.498078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93908.707726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93908.707726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79761.083936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79761.083936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79761.083936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79761.083936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           44                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           22                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16729                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        17838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        17838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        17838                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    945574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    892291500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892291500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1837865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1837865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1837865500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1837865500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005849                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85487.207305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85487.207305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93580.650236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93580.650236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89234.098854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89234.098854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89234.098854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89234.098854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.942726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             127579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           121.503810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.942726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26245791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26245791                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6560087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6560087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6560087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6560087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6560087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6560087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14604000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14604000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14604000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6561181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6561181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6561181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6561181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6561181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6561181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13349.177331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13349.177331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13349.177331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13349.177331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13349.177331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13349.177331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13338500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13338500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13338500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13338500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13338500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13338500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12500.937207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12500.937207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12500.937207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12500.937207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12500.937207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12500.937207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18264                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.091327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       14.160526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        16.732875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16353.106598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    364360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   364360                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1050                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1050                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1043                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1043                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3371                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 17                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                7                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8798                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    876861000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     876861000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       752500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       752500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    904717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    904717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       752500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1781578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1782330500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       752500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1781578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1782330500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1050                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1050                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9519                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1050                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11060                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11060                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993066                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.006667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.795479                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.006667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.886875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.844144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.886875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.844144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92760.076166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92760.076166                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102832.120937                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102832.120937                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97615.363542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97619.153248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       107500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97615.363542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97619.153248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16088                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16088                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            17                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8798                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8798                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       335500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       335500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    782331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    782331000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       682500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       682500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    816737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    816737000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       682500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1599068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1599750500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       682500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1599068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1599750500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.844144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.886875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.844144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19735.294118                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19735.294118                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82760.076166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82760.076166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92832.120937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92832.120937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87615.363542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87619.153248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87615.363542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87619.153248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36532                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18274                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16088                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2198144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2198144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2198144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18275    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           105332500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           99047750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        43292                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           47                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12127                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1050                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            6026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9519                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        61771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 64938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       134400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2387712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2522112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18281                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1030720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            39927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001403                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  39871     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     56      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              39927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1600500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          30877998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
