
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10549734790375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               57599580                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                107628384                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141746708                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   107.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6203970148                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11592504414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10021632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10041280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9928320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9928320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             307                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1286930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656409649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657696579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1286930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1286930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650297781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650297781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650297781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1286930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656409649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1307994359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156895                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156895                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10041280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9927936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10041280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9928320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267366000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156895                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    733.079589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   572.754966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.488850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1933      7.10%      7.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2508      9.21%     16.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1935      7.10%     23.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1395      5.12%     28.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1383      5.08%     33.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1272      4.67%     38.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1620      5.95%     44.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1444      5.30%     49.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13750     50.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27240                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.190815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.130827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.808176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             34      0.35%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9379     96.79%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           129      1.33%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             5      0.05%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             7      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.179813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9665     99.74%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894776250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5836557500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18450.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37200.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143435                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48929.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97618080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51892830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563167500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405969840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         748631520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1508155020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63839040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2082646050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       313579680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1585873440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7421464350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.100548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11793137000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44532750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6409721500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    816611375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4567258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96868380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51482970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557062800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403777440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1494986880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64422720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071953990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       306253440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1602093300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7391387520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.130538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11821049750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44246500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6479799250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    797554500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3087347250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4543710625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1255705                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1255705                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1247703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3523                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               723                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1247703                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1214554                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33149                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4277                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     364565                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1242138                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          726                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2648                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47525                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67224                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5526601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1255705                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1218077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432276                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12612                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          688                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1762                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.366033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.619177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28869475     94.63%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   41376      0.14%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   44398      0.15%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  238879      0.78%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27813      0.09%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8514      0.03%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8810      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25707      0.08%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1241624      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041124                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180994                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  383790                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28716246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   644682                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               755572                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6306                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11107089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6306                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  661891                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 224044                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12692                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1121119                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28480544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11075668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28185121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14148197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23381058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12730140                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306760                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13899571                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  248626                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               134                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4777551                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              374233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1249124                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11019275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10961816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         159951                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       232321                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           610                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.359326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.232162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27529604     90.24%     90.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473120      1.55%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             527349      1.73%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349641      1.15%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             297675      0.98%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1005546      3.30%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             124631      0.41%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173381      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25649      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  77123     94.69%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  463      0.57%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   715      0.88%     96.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  200      0.25%     96.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2757      3.38%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             193      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4138      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9262845     84.50%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  79      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  268      0.00%     84.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83927      0.77%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              320740      2.93%     88.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1205270     11.00%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46391      0.42%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38158      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10961816                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.358996                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      81451                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007430                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52137369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10973550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10756041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             376134                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206592                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184418                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10849396                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189733                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11609                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          519                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6306                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  58155                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               133877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11019995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              707                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               374233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1249124                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               321                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               133316                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10947558                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               364409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1606531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1230825                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1242122                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.358529                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10943373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10940459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7986814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11140479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.358296                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         160232                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6153                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.356288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.259835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27598413     90.54%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       342492      1.12%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323620      1.06%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1089773      3.58%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65314      0.21%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       658246      2.16%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76955      0.25%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        23191      0.08%     99.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303055      0.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481059                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5355916                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10860044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1589614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       352099                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1224600                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180778                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10762608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2234      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9185912     84.58%     84.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81998      0.76%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         307915      2.84%     88.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1199837     11.05%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44184      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10860044                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               303055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41198280                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22066557                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            279                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5355916                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10860044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.701114                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.701114                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.175404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.175404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12523719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8320570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286436                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145559                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6140960                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5526384                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4074987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1567621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.006517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6552660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6552660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       357862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         357862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1082168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1082168                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1440030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1440030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1440030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1440030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155357                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158970                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    336623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    336623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023975998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14023975998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360599498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14360599498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14360599498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14360599498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       361475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       361475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1237525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1237525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1599000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1599000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1599000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1599000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.009995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93170.080266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93170.080266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90269.353798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90269.353798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90335.280229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90335.280229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90335.280229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90335.280229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13112                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              150                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.413333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155708                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13867380498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13867380498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005640498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005640498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14005640498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14005640498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105300.837776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105300.837776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89265.978526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89265.978526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89400.368296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89400.368296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89400.368296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89400.368296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.899461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42811500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42811500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62135.703919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62135.703919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62135.703919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62135.703919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62135.703919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62135.703919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              557                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63661.896243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63661.896243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63661.896243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63661.896243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63661.896243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63661.896243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157381                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.616451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.933481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.450068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9557                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2672733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2672733                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155708                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          557                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              557                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    25                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                250                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                47                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 250                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              307                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                307                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               307                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156895                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13633971000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13633971000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32105000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32105000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135735500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13769706500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13801811500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13769706500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13801811500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155708                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          557                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          557                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          557                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            557                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1313                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999839                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551167                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.551167                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964204                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.964204                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.551167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.551167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.749952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87778.749952                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104576.547231                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104576.547231                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107216.034755                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107216.034755                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104576.547231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87935.898664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87968.459798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104576.547231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87935.898664                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87968.459798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155129                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          307                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12080761000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12080761000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29035000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29035000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203836500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12232871500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12203836500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12232871500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.964204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.964204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.551167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.814334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77778.814334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94576.547231                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94576.547231                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97216.034755                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97216.034755                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94576.547231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.962526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77968.523535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94576.547231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77935.962526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77968.523535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313652                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156768                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156895    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156895                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          825136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157217                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           79                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            708                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          708                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3204                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1313                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19991552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20062848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157383                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9928384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002502                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049953                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313815     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    787      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234991000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
