
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4900817464125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65468299                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121488037                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175821197                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5684904411                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10549350067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12501184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12501184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        30848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           30848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         818818512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             818818512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2020522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2020522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2020522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        818818512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            820839034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12497024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   30848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12501184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                30848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     65                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  482                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.485057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.347662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.359763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42115     43.19%     43.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44276     45.41%     88.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9604      9.85%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1337      1.37%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          138      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6529.233333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6369.954063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1504.918595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.33%      3.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      6.67%     10.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            6     20.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6     20.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3     10.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      3.33%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      3.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.066667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.062941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.365148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               29     96.67%     96.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      3.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            30                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4755431000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8416668500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  976330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24353.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43103.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       818.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    818.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97815                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     429                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77969.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345076200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183416145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               690088140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1611238380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24482880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5190131010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110708640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9360450435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.102735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11669461750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288119250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3077440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11382384375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                351102360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186619125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704111100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2516040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642080510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24486720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5181878550                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        91681920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9389785365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.024151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11602825250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9549500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    238584000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3145097250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11364253375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1667072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1667072                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            75758                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1342217                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  53994                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1342217                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            692774                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          649443                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        27196                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     786242                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      64379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       148792                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1047                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1346847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7015                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1380363                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4944392                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1667072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            746768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28934446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 156170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        61209                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1339832                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9263                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30457366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.327101                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.443249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28558394     93.77%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30003      0.10%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  648664      2.13%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   32010      0.11%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  134671      0.44%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   75487      0.25%     96.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87047      0.29%     97.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   27841      0.09%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  863249      2.83%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30457366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054596                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161927                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  708599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28416128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   939629                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               314925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 78085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8173927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 78085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  807904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27142089                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16185                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1076766                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1336337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7821631                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                89726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1004942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                278382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9309441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21596574                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10352447                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            44319                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3116500                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6192938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               303                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           381                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1969139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1383740                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              93985                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4288                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4951                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7385246                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5622                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5283028                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6674                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4793653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9691188                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5622                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30457366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.173456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.769119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28345021     93.06%     93.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             815729      2.68%     95.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             438012      1.44%     97.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             297759      0.98%     98.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             319723      1.05%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             102644      0.34%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              85218      0.28%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31502      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              21758      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30457366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12616     68.51%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1326      7.20%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4003     21.74%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  276      1.50%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              171      0.93%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              24      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            22215      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4336921     82.09%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1350      0.03%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11372      0.22%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16364      0.31%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              822143     15.56%     98.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              69258      1.31%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3308      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            97      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5283028                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.173017                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      18416                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003486                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41007224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12146344                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5044434                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              41288                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             38182                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        17794                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5257927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  21302                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       904424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          258                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        61191                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1288                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 78085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25024869                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               284708                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7390868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1383740                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               93985                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2071                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 20830                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                83284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38892                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        48411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               87303                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5176912                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               785982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           106116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      850342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  602545                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     64360                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.169542                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5082808                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5062228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3750414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5912903                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.165786                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.634276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4794592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            78082                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29770258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.087242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.551681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28662259     96.28%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       506602      1.70%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121233      0.41%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       324847      1.09%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        63001      0.21%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32517      0.11%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7312      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4752      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47735      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29770258                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1300098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2597214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        512102                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       479303                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    457732                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13126                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2583969                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5785                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3931      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2060256     79.33%     79.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            231      0.01%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            9474      0.36%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11220      0.43%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         477397     18.38%     98.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         32799      1.26%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1906      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2597214                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                47735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37114329                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15472706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            599                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          77322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1300098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2597214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.486451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.486451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.042578                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.042578                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5238803                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4401968                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    31629                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   15762                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3121751                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1383689                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2684700                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           242344                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             372919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           242344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.538800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3476908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3476908                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       338921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         338921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        31795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         31795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       370716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          370716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       370716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         370716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       436921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       436921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1004                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       437925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        437925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       437925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       437925                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35233735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35233735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44526498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44526498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35278261498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35278261498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35278261498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35278261498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       775842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       775842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       808641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       808641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       808641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       808641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.563157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.563157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030611                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.541557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.541557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.541557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80640.973998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80640.973998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44349.101594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44349.101594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80557.770162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80557.770162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80557.770162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80557.770162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24592                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.273504                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195580                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       241348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       242345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       242345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19337604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19337604500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43104498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43104498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19380708998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19380708998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19380708998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19380708998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030397                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80123.326069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80123.326069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43234.200602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43234.200602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79971.565322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79971.565322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79971.565322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79971.565322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5359328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5359328                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1339832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1339832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1339832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1339832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1339832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1339832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1339832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195339                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      281948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.443378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.766845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.233155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4070419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4070419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2352                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               681                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   681                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         46333                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             46333                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                47014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               47014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47014                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34142500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34142500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18460498000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18460498000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18494640500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18494640500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18494640500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18494640500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2352                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        241347                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           242345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               242345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          242345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              242345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.317635                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.808023                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.806004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.806004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.806004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.806004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107705.047319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107705.047319                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94662.424236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94662.424236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94683.590930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94683.590930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94683.590930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94683.590930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30972500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30972500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16510368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16510368000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16541340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16541340500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16541340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16541340500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.808023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.806004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.806004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.806004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97705.047319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97705.047319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84662.475515                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84662.475515                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84683.642125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84683.642125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84683.642125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84683.642125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        390657                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195330                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       585987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       585987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 585987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12531968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12531968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12531968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195331    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195331                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1055662000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       484689                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       242344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          604                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            241346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       241347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       727033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                727033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15660544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15660544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195339                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     30848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001412                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 437067     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    616      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244696500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         363516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
