
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5282501067250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               71740698                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                133183393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              191610793                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    79.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5716220353                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10611909182                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12431488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12431552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        29568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           29568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814253474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814257666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1936683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1936683                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1936683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814253474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816194349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        462                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      462                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12427584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   28672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12431616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                29568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267610500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  462                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  147790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.312520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.155754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.183588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42255     43.53%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43798     45.12%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9552      9.84%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1302      1.34%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6808.678571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   6621.911617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1553.236312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.57%      3.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.57%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3     10.71%     17.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3     10.71%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     14.29%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     10.71%     67.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     10.71%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     10.71%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.14%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4725082250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8365976000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  970905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24333.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43083.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97163                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     390                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78413.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344954820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183347835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               687953280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1451160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1619505660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24554400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5173852950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       117382560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9358311705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.962649                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11652697375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    305859750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3095054750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11346837625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348167820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185029020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               698491920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 887400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1636927710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24564000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5174132250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       102466560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9375361080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.079371                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11613779125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9599000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    266847500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133871500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11347426125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1341743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1341743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            53100                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              964862                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  36900                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6007                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         964862                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            582216                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          382646                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15818                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     662408                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      50826                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       146328                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          763                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1141867                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1165214                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3923292                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1341743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            619116                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29226294                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 108960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        36627                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1137927                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5792                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.258683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.281119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28943563     94.95%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   14728      0.05%     94.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  570909      1.87%     96.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   24049      0.08%     96.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  113275      0.37%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   51388      0.17%     97.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   81540      0.27%     97.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   19547      0.06%     97.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  665114      2.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043942                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.128486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  557567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28877394                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   704511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               290161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 54480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6529364                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 54480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  641686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27685123                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          7773                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   837269                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1257782                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6278171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                70485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                999444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                206085                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7494794                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17493951                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8243058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            38146                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2968271                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4526524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1879580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1125112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              71865                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3929                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5987899                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3633                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4380976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5407                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3519163                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7383601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3632                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.143713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.685854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28633614     93.93%     93.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             762335      2.50%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             399409      1.31%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             269506      0.88%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             244510      0.80%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              72085      0.24%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              62706      0.21%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22980      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16968      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  10691     70.67%     70.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1106      7.31%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2901     19.18%     97.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  223      1.47%     98.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              135      0.89%     99.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              71      0.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14158      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3599981     82.17%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1055      0.02%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                10109      0.23%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14101      0.32%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              684293     15.62%     98.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              54249      1.24%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2843      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           187      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4380976                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.143475                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      15127                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003453                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39230618                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9478366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4217888                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              35981                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             32336                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        15559                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4363497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  18448                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5599                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       667026                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          182                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           52                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1336                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 54480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25937838                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               250693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5991532                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1125112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               71865                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1317                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13116                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                47593                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31041                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29267                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4313436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               662036                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            67540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      712848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  533324                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     50812                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.141263                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4247073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4233447                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3054012                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4950570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.138644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.616901                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3519643                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            54475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29988237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.082445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.530580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28914830     96.42%     96.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       491125      1.64%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124169      0.41%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       327152      1.09%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50338      0.17%     99.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26987      0.09%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4940      0.02%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4045      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        44651      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29988237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1238379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2472369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        488330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       458086                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    438834                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     12108                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2460150                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5329                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3638      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1961043     79.32%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            213      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8801      0.36%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         10344      0.42%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         456322     18.46%     98.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         30244      1.22%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1764      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2472369                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                44651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35935598                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12481101                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            364                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1238379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2472369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             24.656981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       24.656981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.040556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.040556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4437395                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3656113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    27447                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   13672                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2841253                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1205264                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2265494                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           237665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             265437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           237665                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.116854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2967361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2967361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       238150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         238150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        29249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         29249                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       267399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          267399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       267399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         267399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       414030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       414030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       415025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        415025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       415025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       415025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33850805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33850805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40437498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40437498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33891242998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33891242998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33891242998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33891242998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       652180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       652180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        30244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        30244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       682424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       682424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       682424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       682424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.634840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.634840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.608163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.608163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.608163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81759.306089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81759.306089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40640.701508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40640.701508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81660.726457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81660.726457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81660.726457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81660.726457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17514                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              874                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.038902                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2444                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177361                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       236677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          987                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19195467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19195467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38889498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38889498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19234356498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19234356498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19234356498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19234356498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.362901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032635                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032635                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81104.065879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81104.065879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39401.720365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39401.720365                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80930.879300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80930.879300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80930.879300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80930.879300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           128.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4551712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4551712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1137923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1137923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1137923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1137923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1137923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1137923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1137927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1137927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1137927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1137927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1137927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1137927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        77625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        77625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        77625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194256                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.370768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.498873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.066959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.434167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3994512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3994512                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2444                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         42729                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             42729                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                43421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    43424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               43421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   43424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 295                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193948                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29843000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      29843000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       269000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18363075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18363075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18392918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18393187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18392918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18393187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2444                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       236677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        236677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           237664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               237668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          237664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              237668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.298886                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819463                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.819463                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.817301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.817291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.817301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.817291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101162.711864                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101162.711864                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       269000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94680.406604                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94680.406604                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94690.251386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94691.148761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       269000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94690.251386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94691.148761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  462                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       462                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            295                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193948                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193948                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26893000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26893000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16423585500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16423585500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16450478500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16450737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16450478500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16450737500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.298886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.819463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.817291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.817301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.817291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91162.711864                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91162.711864                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       259000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84680.355044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84680.355044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84690.199904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84691.097280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       259000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84690.199904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84691.097280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388482                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194245                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          462                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              295                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       582727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       582727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 582727                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12461248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12461248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12461248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194244    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       475337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       237669                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            236682                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          429015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             987                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       236677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       712994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                713006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15366976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15367488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194256                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     29568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           431924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001375                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 431331     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    592      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             431924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          240116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         356497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
