
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               702297829750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               13527694                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 25585996                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              141947433                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1222644                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   107.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1454988787                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2751935483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11749568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11766592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        17024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         17024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9985792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9985792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1115060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         769588208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             770703267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1115060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1115060                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654062155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654062155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654062155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1115060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        769588208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1424765422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183853                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156028                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11766464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9985600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11766592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9985792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            11797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              9674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267334500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183853                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156028                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  121970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   52989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    7171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   6802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  10448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        54208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    401.265643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   248.731969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.764123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13601     25.09%     25.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12267     22.63%     47.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6344     11.70%     59.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3987      7.36%     66.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3101      5.72%     72.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2098      3.87%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1868      3.45%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2179      4.02%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8763     16.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        54208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.690855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.486927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.650127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-15            608      6.24%      6.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-23          8859     90.93%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-31           247      2.54%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-39             9      0.09%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-47             5      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-55             2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-63             2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-71             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-79             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-87             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-103            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::144-151            2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.014061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9677     99.32%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      0.25%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               24      0.25%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::26                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4569411000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8016617250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  919255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24853.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43603.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       770.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.05                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    770.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        11.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.55                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   163548                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  122121                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      44919.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                193865280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                103049430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               656358780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405954180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         819929760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1831092510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61071360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1743433920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       521662560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1497594420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7834202310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            513.134586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11072917875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     63558750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     347710000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5910513500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1358450750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3763945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3823165875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                193172700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                102669930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               656337360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              408496320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         810095520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1896900150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             58295040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1731648030                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       481300800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1485630660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7824621330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            512.507039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10955819375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     56384000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     343466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5904635375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1253423750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3911674750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3797760250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2899519                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2899519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            32032                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2275336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63772                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2275336                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1591055                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          684281                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6499                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4151403                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1571911                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3635                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1083                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1843242                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          651                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1870798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      18208962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2899519                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1654827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28599638                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  64816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 200                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5267                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          455                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1842605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6226                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.027657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.462186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24989931     81.91%     81.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  601135      1.97%     83.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  563773      1.85%     85.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  303489      0.99%     86.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  400803      1.31%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  381926      1.25%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  304822      1.00%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  331478      1.09%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2631409      8.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.094958                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.596337                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1101979                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             25347988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2332057                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1694334                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 32408                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              30697950                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 32408                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1773190                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               11772304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         42424                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3277288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             13611152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              30535318                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               631635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2442268                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               4863178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               5736014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           37167651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             75851945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        34668527                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         14165958                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             35272405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1895075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               294                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           298                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  9179942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4254522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1638084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           401417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           78202                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  30303182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1916                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 29855766                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7110                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        1423247                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2081377                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1779                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.978596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.900994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           21782671     71.40%     71.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1841339      6.04%     77.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1804780      5.92%     83.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            1491765      4.89%     88.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             905213      2.97%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1109836      3.64%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             728506      2.39%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             368744      1.21%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             475912      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83623     32.19%     32.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     32.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     32.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                22999      8.85%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     41.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 55085     21.20%     62.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                80689     31.06%     93.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            17305      6.66%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              77      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            47013      0.16%      0.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19592823     65.62%     65.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5230      0.02%     65.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  158      0.00%     65.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4452904     14.91%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     80.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2637542      8.83%     89.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1274910      4.27%     93.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        1531944      5.13%     98.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        313242      1.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              29855766                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.977766                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     259778                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.008701                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          74742698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         23848452                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     21883166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15744488                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           7880113                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7842046                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              22167494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7901037                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          494501                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          552                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          232                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       160211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          261                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10256                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 32408                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6601180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3273676                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           30305098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4254522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1638084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               832                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 33734                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3227277                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           232                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         17597                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        22365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               39962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             29779531                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4151105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            76235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     5723009                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2686293                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1571904                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.975269                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      29737697                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     29725212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 22958486                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 37807048                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.973490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607254                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        1423856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            137                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            32235                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30304751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.953045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.246885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23847822     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1676050      5.53%     84.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       331883      1.10%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792025      2.61%     87.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       761947      2.51%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       541351      1.79%     92.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       148811      0.49%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       120410      0.40%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2084452      6.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30304751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            16782932                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              28881786                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5488041                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4010154                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2625744                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   7831019                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 23326894                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               60754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        39505      0.14%      0.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        18902005     65.45%     65.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5214      0.02%     65.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              83      0.00%     65.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       4446938     15.40%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2480803      8.59%     89.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1165011      4.03%     93.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      1529351      5.30%     98.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       312876      1.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         28881786                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              2084452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    58525941                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   60816679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            238                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25922                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   16782932                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     28881786                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.819389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.819389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.549635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.549635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                33235571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               18206681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 14133330                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6875746                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 13935970                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                11094694                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11997932                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           195929                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            4590988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           195929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.431896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          822                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         20694873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        20694873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      2976825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2976825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1428913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1428913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      4405738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         4405738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      4405738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        4405738                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       670022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       670022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        48976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        48976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       718998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        718998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       718998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       718998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  55116679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55116679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3904238500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3904238500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59020918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59020918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59020918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59020918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3646847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3646847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1477889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1477889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      5124736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5124736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      5124736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5124736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.183726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.140300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.140300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.140300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82260.999639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82260.999639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79717.381983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79717.381983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82087.735988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82087.735988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82087.735988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82087.735988                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       370274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             4249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.143799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       151532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           151532                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       523045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       523045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       523064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       523064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       523064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       523064                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       146977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       146977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        48957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       195934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       195934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13961807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13961807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3853794000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3853794000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17815601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17815601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17815601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17815601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.033126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94993.141784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94993.141784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78717.936148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78717.936148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90926.541591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90926.541591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90926.541591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90926.541591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              494                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.505063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           70265281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         142237.410931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.505063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7370918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7370918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1841990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1841990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1841990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1841990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1841990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1841990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43198500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1842605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1842605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1842605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1842605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1842605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1842605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70241.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70241.463415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70241.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70241.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70241.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70241.463415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           71                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35177500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35177500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70637.550201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70637.550201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70637.550201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70637.550201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 70637.550201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70637.550201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184160                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      209346                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.136762                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.614351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        49.343343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16278.042307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.003012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3326960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3326960                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       151532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           151532                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          492                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              492                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data              7616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7616                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            230                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                230                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          4726                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4726                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                12342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               12342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           41337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               41337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          266                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              266                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       142251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          142251                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183588                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183854                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3700263500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3700263500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31995500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     31995500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13688107500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  13688107500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31995500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17388371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17420366500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31995500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17388371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17420366500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       151532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       151532                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          492                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          492                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         48953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             48953                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            496                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       146977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        146977                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           195930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               196426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          195930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              196426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.844422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536290                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.536290                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967845                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.967845                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.536290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.937008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.935996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.536290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.937008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.935996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89514.563224                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89514.563224                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120283.834586                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120283.834586                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96225.035325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96225.035325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120283.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.093514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94751.087820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120283.834586                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.093514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94751.087820                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156028                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156028                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        41337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          41337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          266                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          266                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       142251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       142251                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3286893500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3286893500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29335500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29335500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12265607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12265607500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29335500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15552501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15581836500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29335500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15552501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15581836500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.844422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.967845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.935996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.937008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.935996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79514.563224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79514.563224                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110283.834586                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110283.834586                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86225.105623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86225.105623                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110283.834586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.147984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84751.142211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110283.834586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.147984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84751.142211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        367706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183854                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             142517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            27824                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             41336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            41336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        142517                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       551559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       551559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 551559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     21752384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     21752384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21752384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183854    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183854                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1034338500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          963972750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       392855                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            316                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          316                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            147474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       307560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          494                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           72529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            48953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           48953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           498                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       146977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       587796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                589284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22237504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22300864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184162                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9985920                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           380592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 380262     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    330      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             380592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          348453500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            747000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         293895999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
