
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2717587254250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               48723237                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 90141984                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              136067774                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   112.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5466938910                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10114286881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10384064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10384256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       126400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          126400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          162251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              162254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         680148683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             680161259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         8279109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8279109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         8279109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        680148683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            688440367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      162254                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1975                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    162254                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10366272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   17984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  126656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10384256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               126400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              9956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              9701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267344500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                162254                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1975                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  126247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   33345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      80                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    112.005636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.021850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    70.133743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51442     54.91%     54.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35463     37.85%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5987      6.39%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          633      0.68%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      0.09%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.03%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1334.073770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1287.632789                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    343.408923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.82%      0.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      2.46%      3.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      9.02%     12.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      9.84%     22.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      5.74%     27.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           19     15.57%     43.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           15     12.30%     55.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535           17     13.93%     69.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           16     13.11%     82.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           10      8.20%     90.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      4.10%     95.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      4.10%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.221311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.210129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.623404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              108     88.52%     88.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.82%     89.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13     10.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           122                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4164737000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7201730750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  809865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25712.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44462.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       678.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    680.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    68638                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1630                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 42.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                82.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      92963.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    42.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                313631640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                166702965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               539398440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2667420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1391846520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24925440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5289223800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       211181280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     795240.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9146296425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            599.075802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12150219625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10219000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1013000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    550338500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2596752000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11598895625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                355272120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188831610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               617088780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7662960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1563588660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25179360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5200474800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       141427200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9304834530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            609.459933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11772813625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9834000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    368491000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2974377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11404782125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2735979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2735979                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           158866                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2215514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 148957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2215514                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1070963                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1144551                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        75053                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1469419                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     253241                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       239056                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         4059                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2066713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        10380                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2147096                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       9077901                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2735979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1219920                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28083786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 324252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        81888                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2056333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                30788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30478743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.601231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.936316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27184474     89.19%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   80421      0.26%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  836022      2.74%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  112990      0.37%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  231744      0.76%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  173989      0.57%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  178236      0.58%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   79941      0.26%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1600926      5.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30478743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.089602                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.297298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1269896                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26678200                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1890379                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               478142                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                162126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15736103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                162126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1459329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25070070                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         48082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2080060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1659076                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              14999093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               110134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1306279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                229705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  6136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           17794265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             40296125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        20896871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           184075                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6882682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                10911582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               722                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           914                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2696012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2295263                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             357093                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            15141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           14981                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  13848617                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              18885                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10589274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            24975                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8190220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14806252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         18884                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30478743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.347431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.133840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26742141     87.74%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1234818      4.05%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             737383      2.42%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             533867      1.75%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             536786      1.76%     97.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             287006      0.94%     98.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             224132      0.74%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             109757      0.36%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              72853      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30478743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  51140     75.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 5642      8.27%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  9515     13.95%     97.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1054      1.55%     98.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              820      1.20%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              15      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61391      0.58%      0.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8564647     80.88%     81.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5592      0.05%     81.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                54480      0.51%     82.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              69940      0.66%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1546758     14.61%     97.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             271122      2.56%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          15305      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            39      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10589274                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.346795                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      68186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006439                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51572653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         21907399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      9998432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             177799                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            150334                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        77709                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10504308                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  91761                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           24059                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1416543                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          829                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       197704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          235                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1593                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                162126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21954928                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               308704                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           13867502                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            10286                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2295263                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              357093                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              6754                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 28415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63325                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         72345                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119058                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              191403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10305055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1468096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           284219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1721272                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1176670                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    253176                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.337487                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10138683                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10076141                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7426859                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12325803                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.329990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.602546                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8191204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           162120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29274593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.193932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.888839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27173022     92.82%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       845086      2.89%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       271185      0.93%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       556624      1.90%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       119275      0.41%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        84343      0.29%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        29341      0.10%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        20643      0.07%     99.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       175074      0.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29274593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2851279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5677282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1038109                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       878720                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    858269                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     64714                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5612115                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               28179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        19552      0.34%      0.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4515551     79.54%     79.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1127      0.02%     79.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47779      0.84%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         55164      0.97%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         869170     15.31%     97.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        159389      2.81%     99.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         9550      0.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5677282                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               175074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42968005                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   28948354                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            568                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          55945                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2851279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5677282                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             10.709120                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       10.709120                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.093378                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.093378                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11983833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8695252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   136237                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   68153                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6126535                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3004208                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4892552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           349950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             957065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           349950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.734862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6707326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6707326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       809770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         809770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       157571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        157571                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       967341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          967341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       967341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         967341                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       620185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       620185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1818                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       622003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        622003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       622003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       622003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33220482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33220482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    165570500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    165570500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33386052500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33386052500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33386052500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33386052500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1429955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1429955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       159389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       159389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1589344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1589344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1589344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1589344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.433709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.433709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.391358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.391358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53565.439345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53565.439345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91072.882288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91072.882288                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53675.066680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53675.066680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53675.066680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53675.066680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38725                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1317                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.403948                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4873                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       272032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       272032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       272054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       272054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       272054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       272054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       348153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       348153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       349949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       349949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       349949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       349949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17956630500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17956630500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161570500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161570500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18118201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18118201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18118201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18118201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.243471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.220185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.220185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51576.836908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51576.836908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89961.302895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89961.302895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51773.832758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51773.832758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51773.832758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51773.832758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  9                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    3                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8225335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8225335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2056330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2056330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2056330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2056330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2056330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2056330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2056333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2056333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2056333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2056333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2056333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2056333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       323500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       323500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       323500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    162326                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      541827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    162326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.337894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.593586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.191173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16374.215241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6684                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5761270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5761270                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4873                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        187423                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            187423                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               187698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   187698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              187698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  187698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       160730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          160730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             162251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 162254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            162251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                162254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    155880000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     155880000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       319000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15407126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15407126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15563006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15563325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15563006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15563325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4873                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1796                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        348153                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           349949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               349952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          349949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              349952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.846882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.461665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.461665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.463642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.463646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.463642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.463646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102485.207101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102485.207101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95857.189075                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95857.189075                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95919.322531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95919.515081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95919.322531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95919.515081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1975                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           87                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            87                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       160730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       160730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        162251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            162254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       162251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           162254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    140670000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140670000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       289000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       289000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13799816000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13799816000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13940486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13940775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.461665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.463642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.463646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.463642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92485.207101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92485.207101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85857.126859                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85857.126859                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85919.260898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85919.453450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85919.260898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85919.453450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        324509                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       162259                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             160733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1975                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           160280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        160733                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       486763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       486763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 486763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10510656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10510656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10510656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            162254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  162254    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              162254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           385097500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          883481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       699905                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       349953                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          130                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            158                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          142                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           16                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            348157                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          505428                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       348153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1049849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1049858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     22708672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               22709056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          162326                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    126400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           512278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000593                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 511990     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    272      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     16      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             512278                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          354828500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         524925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
